{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Italic;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red163\green163\blue163;\red175\green221\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red137\green231\blue133;\red115\green76\blue77;\red204\green114\blue116;\red78\green118\blue77;
\red80\green162\blue116;\red253\green136\blue186;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c69768\c69768\c69768;\cssrgb\c73675\c89410\c100000;
\cspthree\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c59421\c91013\c59160;\cspthree\c50594\c37909\c37593;\cspthree\c79886\c54376\c53685;\cspthree\c40603\c52512\c38663;
\cspthree\c44950\c67870\c54063;\cssrgb\c100000\c62034\c77628;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 The user is providing me with a comprehensive prompt for working on a Python 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 FastAPI project called "Clockify API Studio". This is a Clockify add-on 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 service that needs to be implemented.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Let me break down what I need to do:
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 1. First, I should explore the documentation files to understand the project 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 requirements
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 2. Understand the architecture and implementation checklist
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 3. Implement the FastAPI backend following the specifications
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 4. Wire up Alembic migrations
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 5. Implement endpoints for lifecycle, webhooks, UI, etc.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 The user wants me to:
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 - Read specs and docs under \cf4 docs/
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 - Implement the FastAPI backend in \cf4 api_studio/
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 - Follow the package layout and stubs
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 - Wire Alembic migrations
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 - Implement endpoints for Clockify integration
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Since this is a complex multi-step project, I should:
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 1. First explore the documentation to understand the full scope
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 2. Create a todo list to track the implementation
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 3. Work incrementally with tests
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Let me start by exploring the project structure and reading the key 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 documentation files.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  I'll help you build the Clockify  \cf3 11:33 PM\cf2   \cf3 claude-sonnet-4-5-20250929\cf2 \
  API Studio FastAPI service! Let\
  me start by exploring the project\
   structure and reading the key\
  documentation to understand the\
  full scope of the implementation.\
\
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Bash
\f0\b0 (find . -type f -name "*.md" -o -name "*.json" | grep -E "(docs/|README)"\
      | head -20)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0./docs/IMPLEMENTATION_CHECKLIST_API_STUDIO_PY.md\
     ./docs/SECURITY_AND_LIMITS_API_STUDIO_PY.md\
     ./docs/API_STUDIO_PROMPT_FOR_CLAUDE_PY.md\
     ./docs/Clockify_Webhook_JSON_Samples.md\
     ./docs/FLOW_EXAMPLES_API_STUDIO.md\
     ./docs/addon-examples-and-sdk.md\
     ./docs/Clockify_Addon_Guide.md\
     ./docs/CONFIG_NOTES_API_STUDIO_PY.md\
     ./docs/openapi.json\
     ./docs/clockify-api-studio-spec.md\
     ./docs/ARCHITECTURE_API_STUDIO_PY.md\
     ./README.md\
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Bash
\f0\b0 (ls -la)\
  \uc0\u9151  total 64                                                               \
    drwx------@  14 15x  staff   448 Nov 13 23:32 .\
    drwx------@ 250 15x  staff  8000 Nov 13 23:30 ..\
    -rw-r--r--@   1 15x  staff  6148 Nov 13 23:31 .DS_Store\
    -rw-r--r--@   1 15x  staff   272 Nov 13 22:30 .env.example\
    -rw-r--r--@   1 15x  staff   451 Nov 13 22:30 CLAUDE_TASK_API_STUDIO.md\
    -rw-r--r--@   1 15x  staff   634 Nov 13 22:30 README.md\
    drwxr-xr-x@   4 15x  staff   128 Nov 13 22:30 alembic\
    -rw-r--r--@   1 15x  staff   553 Nov 13 22:30 alembic.ini\
    drwxr-xr-x@  15 15x  staff   480 Nov 13 22:30 api_studio\
    drwxr-xr-x@  13 15x  staff   416 Nov 13 22:30 docs\
    drwxr-xr-x    5 15x  staff   160 Nov 13 23:32 logs\
    -rw-r--r--@   1 15x  staff  2189 Nov 13 22:30 manifest.api-studio.json\
    -rw-r--r--@   1 15x  staff   604 Nov 13 22:30 pyproject.toml\
    drwxr-xr-x@   4 15x  staff   128 Nov 13 22:30 tests\
\
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Search
\f0\b0 (pattern: "**/*.py")\
\'a0\'a0\uc0\u9151  \'a0Found 
\f2\b 16 
\f0\b0 files                                                        \
     /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/tests/test_main.py\
     /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/tests/__init__.py\
     /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/webhooks.py\
     /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/ui.py\
     /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/openapi_loa\
     der.py\
     /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/models.py\
     /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/main.py\
     /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/lifecycle.p\
     y\
     /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/flows.py\
     /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/db.py\
     /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/config.py\
     /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/clockify_cl\
     ient.py\
     /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/bootstrap.p\
     y\
     /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/api_explore\
     r.py\
     /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/__init__.py\
     /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/alembic/env.py\
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Good, I can see the project structure. Now let me read the key documentation 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 files to understand the full scope of what needs to be implemented. I'll start
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3  with the main specification and architecture documents.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Read
\f0\b0 (file_path: "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/docs/clockify\
      -api-studio-spec.md")\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f2\b 464
\f0\b0  lines\
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Read
\f0\b0 (file_path: "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/docs/ARCHITEC\
      TURE_API_STUDIO_PY.md")\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f2\b 25
\f0\b0  lines\
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Read
\f0\b0 (file_path: "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/docs/IMPLEMEN\
      TATION_CHECKLIST_API_STUDIO_PY.md")\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f2\b 50
\f0\b0  lines\
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Read
\f0\b0 (file_path: "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/README.md")\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f2\b 16
\f0\b0  lines\
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Great! I've now read the key documentation. Let me also check what's already 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 implemented in the codebase to understand the current state.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Read
\f0\b0 (file_path:\
      "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/main.py")\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f2\b 24
\f0\b0  lines\
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Read
\f0\b0 (file_path:\
      "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/models.py")\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f2\b 94
\f0\b0  lines\
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Read
\f0\b0 (file_path:\
      "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/config.py")\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f2\b 22
\f0\b0  lines\
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Read
\f0\b0 (file_path:\
      "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/pyproject.toml")\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f2\b 28
\f0\b0  lines\
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Now let me check the existing stub implementations and see what needs to be 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 done. I should also check if there are any Alembic migrations already created.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Read
\f0\b0 (file_path:\
      "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/db.py")\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f2\b 13
\f0\b0  lines\
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Read
\f0\b0 (file_path:\
      "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/lifecycle.py")\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f2\b 45
\f0\b0  lines\
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Bash
\f0\b0 (ls -la alembic/versions/)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0total 0                                      \
     drwxr-xr-x@ 2 15x  staff   64 Nov 13 22:30 .\
     drwxr-xr-x@ 4 15x  staff  128 Nov 13 22:30 ..\
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Read
\f0\b0 (file_path:\
      "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/.env.example")\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f2\b 13
\f0\b0  lines\
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Great! Now I have a good understanding of the project. Let me check a few more
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3  files to see what needs to be implemented, then I'll create a comprehensive 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 todo list for the implementation.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Read
\f0\b0 (file_path:\
      "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/webhooks.py")\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f2\b 24
\f0\b0  lines\
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Read
\f0\b0 (file_path: "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/cl\
      ockify_client.py")\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f2\b 53
\f0\b0  lines\
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Read
\f0\b0 (file_path:\
      "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/bootstrap.py")\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f2\b 27
\f0\b0  lines\
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Read
\f0\b0 (file_path: "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/docs/CONFIG_N\
      OTES_API_STUDIO_PY.md")\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f2\b 13
\f0\b0  lines\
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Good! Now I have a comprehensive understanding of the project. Let me create a
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3  detailed todo list based on the implementation checklist and what I see needs
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3  to be done. The project has stubs in place but needs the actual 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 implementation.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Key things I need to do:
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 1. Create Alembic migrations for the models
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 2. Implement the lifecycle endpoints
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 3. Implement the webhook receiver
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 4. Implement the bootstrap logic
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 5. Implement the API explorer
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 6. Implement the flows functionality
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 7. Implement the UI endpoints
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 8. Fix the config.py (it's using deprecated BaseSettings from pydantic)
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Let me start by creating a comprehensive todo list.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  Perfect! I now have a             \cf3 11:34 PM\cf2   \cf3 claude-sonnet-4-5-20250929\cf2 \
  comprehensive understanding of\
  the Clockify API Studio project.\
  Let me create a detailed\
  implementation plan based on the\
  spec and checklist.\
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Great! I've created the todo list. Now let me start implementing the project 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 step by step. I'll begin with fixing config.py since it's using deprecated 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 Pydantic v1 BaseSettings, then move on to creating the Alembic migration, and 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 then implement the core functionality.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  Now let me start implementing the \cf3 11:34 PM\cf2   \cf3 claude-sonnet-4-5-20250929\cf2 \
   Clockify API Studio backend!\
  I'll work through the tasks\
  incrementally.\
\
  
\f2\b Step 1: Fix config.py for 
\f0\b0 \
  
\f2\b Pydantic v2
\f0\b0 \
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Update
\f0\b0 (/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/config.py)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Updated                                                               \
     
\f2\b /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/config.py
\f0\b0 \
     with 
\f2\b 6
\f0\b0  additions and 
\f2\b 4
\f0\b0  removals\
     \cf3   1 \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5 from pydantic import \cb8 BaseSettings, \cb7 Field\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   1 \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5 from pydantic import Field\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   2 \cf5 \cb9 +  from pydantic_settings import BaseSettings\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   3 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3   4 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3   5 \cf5    class Settings(BaseSettings):\cf2 \
     \cf3 ...\cf2 \
     \cf3   13 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3   14 \cf5        log_level: str = Field(default="INFO", \cf2 \
     \cf3      \cf5   alias="LOG_LEVEL")\cf2 \
     \cf3   15 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3   16 \cf5 \cb7 -      class Config:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   17 \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5         env_file \cb8 = \cb7 ".env"\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   18 \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5         env_file_encoding \cb8 = \cb7 "utf-8"\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   16 \cf5 \cb9 +      model_config = \{\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   17 \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5         \cb10 "\cb9 env_file\cb10 ":\cb9  ".env"\cb10 ,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   18 \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5         \cb10 "\cb9 env_file_encoding\cb10 ":\cb9  "utf-8"\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   19 \cf5 \cb9 +      \}\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   20 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3   21 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3   22 \cf5    settings = Settings()\cf2 \
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Good! I need to update pyproject.toml to include pydantic-settings as well.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Update
\f0\b0 (/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/pyproject.toml)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Updated 
\f2\b /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/pyproject.toml
\f0\b0 \
     with 
\f2\b 4
\f0\b0  additions and 
\f2\b 1
\f0\b0  removal\
     \cf3   13 \cf5        "uvicorn[standard]>=0.30.0",\cf2 \
     \cf3   14 \cf5        "httpx>=0.27.0",\cf2 \
     \cf3   15 \cf5        "pydantic>=2.7.0",\cf2 \
     \cf3   16 \cf5 \cb9 +      "pydantic-settings>=2.0.0",\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   17 \cf5        "SQLAlchemy[asyncio]>=2.0.0",\cf2 \
     \cf3   18 \cf5 \cb9 +      "aiosqlite>=0.19.0",\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   19 \cf5        "alembic>=1.13.0",\cf2 \
     \cf3   20 \cf5        "python-dotenv>=1.0.0",\cf2 \
     \cf3   21 \cf5        "PyJWT>=2.8.0",\cf2 \
     \cf3   22 \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5     "tenacity>=8.2.0"\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   22 \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5     "tenacity>=8.2.0"\cb10 ,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   23 \cf5 \cb9 +      "jsonpath-ng>=1.6.0"\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   24 \cf5    ]\cf2 \
     \cf3   25 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3   26 \cf5    [project.optional-dependencies]\cf2 \
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Good! Now let me create the Alembic migration. First, let me check the alembic
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3  configuration.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Step 2: Create Alembic Migration
\f0\b0   \cf3 11:35 PM\cf2   \cf3 claude-sonnet-4-5-20250929\cf2 \
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Read
\f0\b0 (file_path:\
      "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/alembic/env.py")\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f2\b 43
\f0\b0  lines\
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Read
\f0\b0 (file_path: "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/alembic.ini")\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f2\b 36
\f0\b0  lines\
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 The alembic configuration is using aiosqlite which is async, but the env.py is
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3  using synchronous methods. I need to update the alembic.ini to use a 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 synchronous SQLite URL for migrations, and then create the migration.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Update
\f0\b0 (/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/alembic.ini)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Updated 
\f2\b /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/alembic.ini
\f0\b0    \
     with 
\f2\b 1
\f0\b0  addition and 
\f2\b 1
\f0\b0  removal\
     \cf3   1 \cf5    [alembic]\cf2 \
     \cf3   2 \cf5    script_location = alembic\cf2 \
     \cf3   3 \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5 sqlalchemy.url = sqlite\cb8 +aiosqlite\cb7 :///./api_studio.db\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   3 \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5 sqlalchemy.url = sqlite:///./api_studio.db\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   4 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3   5 \cf5    [loggers]\cf2 \
     \cf3   6 \cf5    keys = root,sqlalchemy,alembic\cf2 \
\
\cf11 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Bash
\f0\b0 (alembic revision --autogenerate -m "Initial schema with all models")\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0\cf11 Error: Exit code 127\cf2 \
     \cf11 (eval):1: command not found: alembic\cf2 \
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 I need to install the dependencies first. Let me do that using pip.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf11 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Bash
\f0\b0 (pip install -e .)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0\cf11 Error: Exit code 127\cf2 \
     \cf11 (eval):1: command not found: pip\cf2 \
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 pip is not available. Let me try python3 -m pip or just manually create the 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 migration file since I know the models.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf11 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Bash
\f0\b0 (python3 -m pip install -e .)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0\cf11 Error: Exit code 1\cf2 \
     \cf11 error: externally-managed-environment\cf2 \
\
     \cf11 \'d7 This environment is externally managed\cf2 \
     \cf11 \uc0\u9584 \u9472 > To install Python packages system-wide, try brew install\cf2 \
     \cf11     xyz, where xyz is the package you are trying to\cf2 \
     \cf11     install.\cf2 \
     \cf11     \cf2 \
     \cf11     If you wish to install a Python library that isn't in Homebrew,\cf2 \
     \cf11     use a virtual environment:\cf2 \
     \cf11     \cf2 \
     \cf11     python3 -m venv path/to/venv\cf2 \
     \cf11     source path/to/venv/bin/activate\cf2 \
     \cf11     python3 -m pip install xyz\cf2 \
     \cf11     \cf2 \
     \cf11     If you wish to install a Python application that isn't in Homebrew,\cf2 \
     \cf11     it may be easiest to use 'pipx install xyz', which will manage a\cf2 \
     \cf11     virtual environment for you. You can install pipx with\cf2 \
     \cf11     \cf2 \
     \cf11     brew install pipx\cf2 \
     \cf11     \cf2 \
     \cf11     You may restore the old behavior of pip by passing\cf2 \
     \cf11     the '--break-system-packages' flag to pip, or by adding\cf2 \
     \cf11     'break-system-packages = true' to your pip.conf file. The latter\cf2 \
     \cf11     will permanently disable this error.\cf2 \
     \cf11     \cf2 \
     \cf11     If you disable this error, we STRONGLY recommend that you additionally\cf2 \
     \cf11     pass the '--user' flag to pip, or set 'user = true' in your pip.conf\cf2 \
     \cf11     file. Failure to do this can result in a broken Homebrew installation.\cf2 \
     \cf11     \cf2 \
     \cf11     Read more about this behavior here: <https://peps.python.org/pep-0668/>\cf2 \
\
     \cf11 note: If you believe this is a mistake, please contact your Python \cf2 \
     \cf11 installation or OS distribution provider. You can override this, at the risk\cf2 \
     \cf11  of breaking your Python installation or OS, by passing \cf2 \
     \cf11 --break-system-packages.\cf2 \
     \cf11 hint: See PEP 668 for the detailed specification.\cf2 \
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 I'll create a virtual environment for this project. That's the proper way to 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 handle Python packages anyway.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf11 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Bash
\f0\b0 (python3 -m venv venv && source venv/bin/activate && pip install -e .)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0\cf11 Error: Exit code 1\cf2 \
     \cf11   error: subprocess-exited-with-error\cf2 \
     \cf11   \cf2 \
     \cf11   \'d7 Getting requirements to build editable did not run successfully.\cf2 \
     \cf11   \uc0\u9474  exit code: 1\cf2 \
     \cf11   \uc0\u9584 \u9472 > [14 lines of output]\cf2 \
     \cf11       error: Multiple top-level packages discovered in a flat-layout: \cf2 \
     \cf11 ['logs', 'alembic', 'api_studio'].\cf2 \
     \cf11       \cf2 \
     \cf11       To avoid accidental inclusion of unwanted files or directories,\cf2 \
     \cf11       setuptools will not proceed with this build.\cf2 \
     \cf11       \cf2 \
     \cf11       If you are trying to create a single distribution with multiple \cf2 \
     \cf11 packages\cf2 \
     \cf11       on purpose, you should not rely on automatic discovery.\cf2 \
     \cf11       Instead, consider the following options:\cf2 \
     \cf11       \cf2 \
     \cf11       1. set up custom discovery (`find` directive with `include` or \cf2 \
     \cf11 `exclude`)\cf2 \
     \cf11       2. use a `src-layout`\cf2 \
     \cf11       3. explicitly set `py_modules` or `packages` with a list of names\cf2 \
     \cf11       \cf2 \
     \cf11       To find more information, look for "package discovery" on setuptools \cf2 \
     \cf11 docs.\cf2 \
     \cf11       [end of output]\cf2 \
     \cf11   \cf2 \
     \cf11   note: This error originates from a subprocess, and is likely not a problem\cf2 \
     \cf11  with pip.\cf2 \
     \cf11 ERROR: Failed to build \cf2 \
     \cf11 'file:///Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit' when getting \cf2 \
     \cf11 requirements to build editable\cf2 \
\
     \cf11 Obtaining file:///Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit\cf2 \
     \cf11   Installing build dependencies: started\cf2 \
     \cf11   Installing build dependencies: finished with status 'done'\cf2 \
     \cf11   Checking if build backend supports build_editable: started\cf2 \
     \cf11   Checking if build backend supports build_editable: finished with status \cf2 \
     \cf11 'done'\cf2 \
     \cf11   Getting requirements to build editable: started\cf2 \
     \cf11   Getting requirements to build editable: finished with status 'error'\cf2 \
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 I need to update pyproject.toml to specify which packages to include. Let me 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 fix that.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Update
\f0\b0 (/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/pyproject.toml)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Updated 
\f2\b /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/pyproject.toml
\f0\b0 \
     with 
\f2\b 3
\f0\b0  additions\
     \cf3    2 \cf5    requires = ["setuptools>=61.0", "wheel"]\cf2 \
     \cf3    3 \cf5    build-backend = "setuptools.build_meta"\cf2 \
     \cf3    4 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3    5 \cf5 \cb9 +  [tool.setuptools]\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    6 \cf5 \cb9 +  packages = ["api_studio"]\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    7 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    8 \cf5    [project]\cf2 \
     \cf3    9 \cf5    name = "clockify-api-studio"\cf2 \
     \cf3   10 \cf5    version = "0.1.0"\cf2 \
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Bash
\f0\b0 (source venv/bin/activate && pip install -e .)\
  \uc0\u9151  Obtaining file:///Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit       \
      Installing build dependencies: started\
      Installing build dependencies: finished with status 'done'\
      Checking if build backend supports build_editable: started\
      Checking if build backend supports build_editable: finished with\
    status 'done'\
      Getting requirements to build editable: started\
      Getting requirements to build editable: finished with status 'done'\
      Preparing editable metadata (pyproject.toml): started\
      Preparing editable metadata (pyproject.toml): finished with status\
    'done'\
    Collecting fastapi>=0.115.0 (from clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Using cached fastapi-0.121.2-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (28 kB)\
    Collecting uvicorn>=0.30.0 (from\
    uvicorn[standard]>=0.30.0->clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Using cached uvicorn-0.38.0-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (6.8 kB)\
    Collecting httpx>=0.27.0 (from clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Using cached httpx-0.28.1-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (7.1 kB)\
    Collecting pydantic>=2.7.0 (from clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Using cached pydantic-2.12.4-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (89 kB)\
    Collecting pydantic-settings>=2.0.0 (from clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Using cached pydantic_settings-2.12.0-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (3.4\
    kB)\
    Collecting SQLAlchemy>=2.0.0 (from\
    SQLAlchemy[asyncio]>=2.0.0->clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Downloading sqlalchemy-2.0.44-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (9.5 kB)\
    Collecting aiosqlite>=0.19.0 (from clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Downloading aiosqlite-0.21.0-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (4.3 kB)\
    Collecting alembic>=1.13.0 (from clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Downloading alembic-1.17.1-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (7.2 kB)\
    Collecting python-dotenv>=1.0.0 (from clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Using cached python_dotenv-1.2.1-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (25 kB)\
    Collecting PyJWT>=2.8.0 (from clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Using cached PyJWT-2.10.1-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (4.0 kB)\
    Collecting tenacity>=8.2.0 (from clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Downloading tenacity-9.1.2-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (1.2 kB)\
    Collecting jsonpath-ng>=1.6.0 (from clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Downloading jsonpath_ng-1.7.0-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (18 kB)\
    Collecting typing_extensions>=4.0 (from\
    aiosqlite>=0.19.0->clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Using cached typing_extensions-4.15.0-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (3.3\
    kB)\
    Collecting Mako (from alembic>=1.13.0->clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Downloading mako-1.3.10-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (2.9 kB)\
    Collecting starlette<0.50.0,>=0.40.0 (from\
    fastapi>=0.115.0->clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Using cached starlette-0.49.3-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (6.4 kB)\
    Collecting annotated-doc>=0.0.2 (from\
    fastapi>=0.115.0->clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Using cached annotated_doc-0.0.4-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (6.6 kB)\
    Collecting annotated-types>=0.6.0 (from\
    pydantic>=2.7.0->clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Using cached annotated_types-0.7.0-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (15 kB)\
    Collecting pydantic-core==2.41.5 (from\
    pydantic>=2.7.0->clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Using cached\
    pydantic_core-2.41.5-cp314-cp314-macosx_11_0_arm64.whl.metadata (7.3\
    kB)\
    Collecting typing-inspection>=0.4.2 (from\
    pydantic>=2.7.0->clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Using cached typing_inspection-0.4.2-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (2.6\
    kB)\
    Collecting anyio<5,>=3.6.2 (from starlette<0.50.0,>=0.40.0->fastapi>=0.\
    115.0->clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Using cached anyio-4.11.0-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (4.1 kB)\
    Collecting idna>=2.8 (from anyio<5,>=3.6.2->starlette<0.50.0,>=0.40.0->\
    fastapi>=0.115.0->clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Using cached idna-3.11-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (8.4 kB)\
    Collecting sniffio>=1.1 (from anyio<5,>=3.6.2->starlette<0.50.0,>=0.40.\
    0->fastapi>=0.115.0->clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Using cached sniffio-1.3.1-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (3.9 kB)\
    Collecting certifi (from httpx>=0.27.0->clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Using cached certifi-2025.11.12-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (2.5 kB)\
    Collecting httpcore==1.* (from\
    httpx>=0.27.0->clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Using cached httpcore-1.0.9-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (21 kB)\
    Collecting h11>=0.16 (from\
    httpcore==1.*->httpx>=0.27.0->clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Using cached h11-0.16.0-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (8.3 kB)\
    Collecting ply (from jsonpath-ng>=1.6.0->clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Downloading ply-3.11-py2.py3-none-any.whl.metadata (844 bytes)\
    Collecting greenlet>=1 (from\
    SQLAlchemy[asyncio]>=2.0.0->clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Downloading\
    greenlet-3.2.4-cp314-cp314-macosx_11_0_universal2.whl.metadata (4.1 kB)\
    Collecting click>=7.0 (from\
    uvicorn>=0.30.0->uvicorn[standard]>=0.30.0->clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Using cached click-8.3.0-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (2.6 kB)\
    Collecting httptools>=0.6.3 (from\
    uvicorn[standard]>=0.30.0->clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Using cached\
    httptools-0.7.1-cp314-cp314-macosx_11_0_arm64.whl.metadata (3.5 kB)\
    Collecting pyyaml>=5.1 (from\
    uvicorn[standard]>=0.30.0->clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Using cached pyyaml-6.0.3-cp314-cp314-macosx_11_0_arm64.whl.metadata\
    (2.4 kB)\
    Collecting uvloop>=0.15.1 (from\
    uvicorn[standard]>=0.30.0->clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Using cached\
    uvloop-0.22.1-cp314-cp314-macosx_10_13_universal2.whl.metadata (4.9 kB)\
    Collecting watchfiles>=0.13 (from\
    uvicorn[standard]>=0.30.0->clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Using cached\
    watchfiles-1.1.1-cp314-cp314-macosx_11_0_arm64.whl.metadata (4.9 kB)\
    Collecting websockets>=10.4 (from\
    uvicorn[standard]>=0.30.0->clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Using cached websockets-15.0.1-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (6.8 kB)\
    Collecting MarkupSafe>=0.9.2 (from\
    Mako->alembic>=1.13.0->clockify-api-studio==0.1.0)\
      Using cached\
    markupsafe-3.0.3-cp314-cp314-macosx_11_0_arm64.whl.metadata (2.7 kB)\
    Downloading aiosqlite-0.21.0-py3-none-any.whl (15 kB)\
    Downloading alembic-1.17.1-py3-none-any.whl (247 kB)\
    Using cached fastapi-0.121.2-py3-none-any.whl (109 kB)\
    Using cached pydantic-2.12.4-py3-none-any.whl (463 kB)\
    Using cached pydantic_core-2.41.5-cp314-cp314-macosx_11_0_arm64.whl\
    (1.9 MB)\
    Using cached starlette-0.49.3-py3-none-any.whl (74 kB)\
    Using cached anyio-4.11.0-py3-none-any.whl (109 kB)\
    Using cached annotated_doc-0.0.4-py3-none-any.whl (5.3 kB)\
    Using cached annotated_types-0.7.0-py3-none-any.whl (13 kB)\
    Using cached httpx-0.28.1-py3-none-any.whl (73 kB)\
    Using cached httpcore-1.0.9-py3-none-any.whl (78 kB)\
    Using cached h11-0.16.0-py3-none-any.whl (37 kB)\
    Using cached idna-3.11-py3-none-any.whl (71 kB)\
    Downloading jsonpath_ng-1.7.0-py3-none-any.whl (30 kB)\
    Using cached pydantic_settings-2.12.0-py3-none-any.whl (51 kB)\
    Using cached PyJWT-2.10.1-py3-none-any.whl (22 kB)\
    Using cached python_dotenv-1.2.1-py3-none-any.whl (21 kB)\
    Using cached sniffio-1.3.1-py3-none-any.whl (10 kB)\
    Downloading sqlalchemy-2.0.44-py3-none-any.whl (1.9 MB)\
       \uc0\u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473  1.9/1.9 MB 2.3 MB/s\
    0:00:00\
    Downloading greenlet-3.2.4-cp314-cp314-macosx_11_0_universal2.whl (273\
    kB)\
    Downloading tenacity-9.1.2-py3-none-any.whl (28 kB)\
    Using cached typing_extensions-4.15.0-py3-none-any.whl (44 kB)\
    Using cached typing_inspection-0.4.2-py3-none-any.whl (14 kB)\
    Using cached uvicorn-0.38.0-py3-none-any.whl (68 kB)\
    Using cached click-8.3.0-py3-none-any.whl (107 kB)\
    Using cached httptools-0.7.1-cp314-cp314-macosx_11_0_arm64.whl (108 kB)\
    Using cached pyyaml-6.0.3-cp314-cp314-macosx_11_0_arm64.whl (173 kB)\
    Using cached uvloop-0.22.1-cp314-cp314-macosx_10_13_universal2.whl (1.4\
     MB)\
    Using cached watchfiles-1.1.1-cp314-cp314-macosx_11_0_arm64.whl (390\
    kB)\
    Using cached websockets-15.0.1-py3-none-any.whl (169 kB)\
    Using cached certifi-2025.11.12-py3-none-any.whl (159 kB)\
    Downloading mako-1.3.10-py3-none-any.whl (78 kB)\
    Using cached markupsafe-3.0.3-cp314-cp314-macosx_11_0_arm64.whl (12 kB)\
    Downloading ply-3.11-py2.py3-none-any.whl (49 kB)\
    Building wheels for collected packages: clockify-api-studio\
      Building editable for clockify-api-studio (pyproject.toml): started\
      Building editable for clockify-api-studio (pyproject.toml): finished\
    with status 'done'\
      Created wheel for clockify-api-studio:\
    filename=clockify_api_studio-0.1.0-0.editable-py3-none-any.whl\
    size=3431\
    sha256=d187087a50bdedd19f0cc3be3d26e797267ddba8401241ce636b8be1b0008387\
      Stored in directory: /private/var/folders/cn/4vpmqprd07v3wx9zfgsgmq2w\
    0000gn/T/pip-ephem-wheel-cache-hjyqjry2/wheels/d6/e5/9d/2d88cd3816b09b8\
    612164876872302eed392cc5137ce2426a8\
    Successfully built clockify-api-studio\
    Installing collected packages: ply, websockets, uvloop,\
    typing_extensions, tenacity, sniffio, pyyaml, python-dotenv, PyJWT,\
    MarkupSafe, jsonpath-ng, idna, httptools, h11, greenlet, click,\
    certifi, annotated-types, annotated-doc, uvicorn, typing-inspection,\
    SQLAlchemy, pydantic-core, Mako, httpcore, anyio, aiosqlite,\
    watchfiles, starlette, pydantic, httpx, alembic, pydantic-settings,\
    fastapi, clockify-api-studio\
\
    Successfully installed Mako-1.3.10 MarkupSafe-3.0.3 PyJWT-2.10.1\
    SQLAlchemy-2.0.44 aiosqlite-0.21.0 alembic-1.17.1 annotated-doc-0.0.4\
    annotated-types-0.7.0 anyio-4.11.0 certifi-2025.11.12 click-8.3.0\
    clockify-api-studio-0.1.0 fastapi-0.121.2 greenlet-3.2.4 h11-0.16.0\
    httpcore-1.0.9 httptools-0.7.1 httpx-0.28.1 idna-3.11 jsonpath-ng-1.7.0\
     ply-3.11 pydantic-2.12.4 pydantic-core-2.41.5 pydantic-settings-2.12.0\
     python-dotenv-1.2.1 pyyaml-6.0.3 sniffio-1.3.1 starlette-0.49.3\
    tenacity-9.1.2 typing-inspection-0.4.2 typing_extensions-4.15.0\
    uvicorn-0.38.0 uvloop-0.22.1 watchfiles-1.1.1 websockets-15.0.1\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Great! Now I can create the Alembic migration. Let me run the alembic revision
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3  command.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf11 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Bash
\f0\b0 (source venv/bin/activate && alembic revision --autogenerate -m "Initial\
      schema with all models")\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0\cf11 Error: Exit code 1\cf2 \
     \cf11 Traceback (most recent call last):\cf2 \
     \cf11   File "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/venv/bin/alembic", \cf2 \
     \cf11 line 7, in <module>\cf2 \
     \cf11     sys.exit(main())\cf2 \
     \cf11              ~~~~^^\cf2 \
     \cf11   File "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/venv/lib/python3.14/\cf2 \
     \cf11 site-packages/alembic/config.py", line 1033, in main\cf2 \
     \cf11     CommandLine(prog=prog).main(argv=argv)\cf2 \
     \cf11     ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~^^^^^^^^^^^\cf2 \
     \cf11   File "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/venv/lib/python3.14/\cf2 \
     \cf11 site-packages/alembic/config.py", line 1023, in main\cf2 \
     \cf11     self.run_cmd(cfg, options)\cf2 \
     \cf11     ~~~~~~~~~~~~^^^^^^^^^^^^^^\cf2 \
     \cf11   File "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/venv/lib/python3.14/\cf2 \
     \cf11 site-packages/alembic/config.py", line 957, in run_cmd\cf2 \
     \cf11     fn(\cf2 \
     \cf11     ~~^\cf2 \
     \cf11         config,\cf2 \
     \cf11         ^^^^^^^\cf2 \
     \cf11         *[getattr(options, k, None) for k in positional],\cf2 \
     \cf11         ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^\cf2 \
     \cf11         **\{k: getattr(options, k, None) for k in kwarg\},\cf2 \
     \cf11         ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^\cf2 \
     \cf11     )\cf2 \
     \cf11     ^\cf2 \
     \cf11   File "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/venv/lib/python3.14/\cf2 \
     \cf11 site-packages/alembic/command.py", line 316, in revision\cf2 \
     \cf11     scripts = [script for script in revision_context.generate_scripts()]\cf2 \
     \cf11                                     ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~^^\cf2 \
     \cf11   File "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/venv/lib/python3.14/\cf2 \
     \cf11 site-packages/alembic/autogenerate/api.py", line 650, in generate_scripts\cf2 \
     \cf11     yield self._to_script(generated_revision)\cf2 \
     \cf11           ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^\cf2 \
     \cf11   File "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/venv/lib/python3.14/\cf2 \
     \cf11 site-packages/alembic/autogenerate/api.py", line 555, in _to_script\cf2 \
     \cf11     return self.script_directory.generate_revision(\cf2 \
     \cf11            ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~^\cf2 \
     \cf11         migration_script.rev_id,\cf2 \
     \cf11         ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^\cf2 \
     \cf11     ...<7 lines>...\cf2 \
     \cf11         **template_args,\cf2 \
     \cf11         ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^\cf2 \
     \cf11     )\cf2 \
     \cf11     ^\cf2 \
     \cf11   File "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/venv/lib/python3.14/\cf2 \
     \cf11 site-packages/alembic/script/base.py", line 726, in generate_revision\cf2 \
     \cf11     self._generate_template(\cf2 \
     \cf11     ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~^\cf2 \
     \cf11         Path(self.dir, "script.py.mako"),\cf2 \
     \cf11         ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^\cf2 \
     \cf11     ...<10 lines>...\cf2 \
     \cf11         **kw,\cf2 \
     \cf11         ^^^^^\cf2 \
     \cf11     )\cf2 \
     \cf11     ^\cf2 \
     \cf11   File "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/venv/lib/python3.14/\cf2 \
     \cf11 site-packages/alembic/script/base.py", line 568, in _generate_template\cf2 \
     \cf11     util.template_to_file(src, dest, self.output_encoding, **kw)\cf2 \
     \cf11     ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^\cf2 \
     \cf11   File "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/venv/lib/python3.14/\cf2 \
     \cf11 site-packages/alembic/util/pyfiles.py", line 32, in template_to_file\cf2 \
     \cf11     template = Template(filename=_preserving_path_as_str(template_file))\cf2 \
     \cf11   File "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/venv/lib/python3.14/\cf2 \
     \cf11 site-packages/mako/template.py", line 312, in __init__\cf2 \
     \cf11     module = self._compile_from_file(path, filename)\cf2 \
     \cf11   File "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/venv/lib/python3.14/\cf2 \
     \cf11 site-packages/mako/template.py", line 387, in _compile_from_file\cf2 \
     \cf11     data = util.read_file(filename)\cf2 \
     \cf11   File "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/venv/lib/python3.14/\cf2 \
     \cf11 site-packages/mako/util.py", line 375, in read_file\cf2 \
     \cf11     with open(path, mode) as fp:\cf2 \
     \cf11          ~~~~^^^^^^^^^^^^\cf2 \
     \cf11 FileNotFoundError: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: \cf2 \
     \cf11 'alembic/script.py.mako'\cf2 \
\
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.runtime.migration] Context impl SQLiteImpl.\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.runtime.migration] Context impl SQLiteImpl.\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.runtime.migration] Will assume non-transactional DDL.\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.runtime.migration] Will assume non-transactional DDL.\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added table \cf2 \
     \cf11 'api_studio_bootstrap_state'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added table \cf2 \
     \cf11 'api_studio_bootstrap_state'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index \cf2 \
     \cf11 'ix_api_studio_bootstrap_state_workspace_id' on '('workspace_id',)'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index \cf2 \
     \cf11 'ix_api_studio_bootstrap_state_workspace_id' on '('workspace_id',)'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added table \cf2 \
     \cf11 'api_studio_entity_cache'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added table \cf2 \
     \cf11 'api_studio_entity_cache'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index \cf2 \
     \cf11 'ix_api_studio_entity_cache_workspace_id' on '('workspace_id',)'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index \cf2 \
     \cf11 'ix_api_studio_entity_cache_workspace_id' on '('workspace_id',)'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added table 'api_studio_flow'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added table 'api_studio_flow'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index \cf2 \
     \cf11 'ix_api_studio_flow_workspace_id' on '('workspace_id',)'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index \cf2 \
     \cf11 'ix_api_studio_flow_workspace_id' on '('workspace_id',)'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added table \cf2 \
     \cf11 'api_studio_flow_execution'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added table \cf2 \
     \cf11 'api_studio_flow_execution'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index \cf2 \
     \cf11 'ix_api_studio_flow_execution_flow_id' on '('flow_id',)'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index \cf2 \
     \cf11 'ix_api_studio_flow_execution_flow_id' on '('flow_id',)'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index \cf2 \
     \cf11 'ix_api_studio_flow_execution_webhook_log_id' on '('webhook_log_id',)'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index \cf2 \
     \cf11 'ix_api_studio_flow_execution_webhook_log_id' on '('webhook_log_id',)'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index \cf2 \
     \cf11 'ix_api_studio_flow_execution_workspace_id' on '('workspace_id',)'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index \cf2 \
     \cf11 'ix_api_studio_flow_execution_workspace_id' on '('workspace_id',)'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added table \cf2 \
     \cf11 'api_studio_installation'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added table \cf2 \
     \cf11 'api_studio_installation'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index \cf2 \
     \cf11 'ix_api_studio_installation_workspace_id' on '('workspace_id',)'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index \cf2 \
     \cf11 'ix_api_studio_installation_workspace_id' on '('workspace_id',)'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added table \cf2 \
     \cf11 'api_studio_webhook_log'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added table \cf2 \
     \cf11 'api_studio_webhook_log'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index \cf2 \
     \cf11 'ix_api_studio_webhook_log_workspace_id' on '('workspace_id',)'\cf2 \
     \cf11 INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index \cf2 \
     \cf11 'ix_api_studio_webhook_log_workspace_id' on '('workspace_id',)'\cf2 \
     \cf11 Generating /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/alembic/versions/\cf2 \
     \cf11 2d776eb0ab27_initial_schema_with_all_models.py ...  FAILED\cf2 \
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 The alembic template file is missing. Let me check what's in the alembic 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 directory and create the missing template file.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Bash
\f0\b0 (ls -la alembic/)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0total 8                                                 \
     drwxr-xr-x@  5 15x  staff   160 Nov 13 23:36 .\
     drwx------@ 17 15x  staff   544 Nov 13 23:36 ..\
     drwxr-xr-x   3 15x  staff    96 Nov 13 23:36 __pycache__\
     -rw-r--r--@  1 15x  staff  1061 Nov 13 22:30 env.py\
     drwxr-xr-x@  2 15x  staff    64 Nov 13 22:30 versions\
\
\cf11 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Bash
\f0\b0 (cat > alembic/script.py.mako << 'EOF'\
      """$\{message\}\
\
      Revision ID: $\{up_revision\}\
      Revises: $\{down_revision | comma,n\}\
      Create Date: $\{create_date\}\
\
      """\
      from typing import Sequence, Union\
\
      from alembic import op\
      import sqlalchemy as sa\
      $\{imports if imports else ""\}\
\
      # revision identifiers, used by Alembic.\
      revision: str = $\{repr(up_revision)\}\
      down_revision: Union[str, None] = $\{repr(down_revision)\}\
      branch_labels: Union[str, Sequence[str], None] = $\{repr(branch_labels)\}\
      depends_on: Union[str, Sequence[str], None] = $\{repr(depends_on)\}\
\
\
      def upgrade() -> None:\
          $\{upgrades if upgrades else "pass"\}\
\
\
      def downgrade() -> None:\
          $\{downgrades if downgrades else "pass"\}\
      EOF)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0\cf11 Error: Failed to parse command: Bad substitution: imports\cf2 \
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 I need to use a different approach to create the template file. Let me use 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 Write instead.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Write
\f0\b0 (/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/alembic/script.py.mako)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Wrote 
\f2\b 27
\f0\b0  lines to                                                     \
     
\f2\b /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/alembic/script.py.mako
\f0\b0 \
     """$\{message\}\
\
     Revision ID: $\{up
\f1\i _revision\}
\f0\i0 \
     
\f1\i Revises: $\{down_
\f0\i0 revision | comma,n\}\
     Create Date: $\{create
\f1\i _date\}
\f0\i0 \
\
     
\f1\i """
\f0\i0 \
     
\f1\i from typing import Sequence, Union
\f0\i0 \
\
     
\f1\i from alembic import op
\f0\i0 \
     
\f1\i import sqlalchemy as sa
\f0\i0 \
     
\f1\i $\{imports if imports else ""\}
\f0\i0 \
\
     
\f1\i # revision identifiers, used by Alembic.
\f0\i0 \
     
\f1\i revision: str = $\{repr(up_
\f0\i0 revision)\}\
     down
\f1\i _revision: Union[str, None] = $\{repr(down_
\f0\i0 revision)\}\
     branch
\f1\i _labels: Union[str, Sequence[str], None] = $\{repr(branch_
\f0\i0 labels)\}\
     depends
\f1\i _on: Union[str, Sequence[str], None] = $\{repr(depends_
\f0\i0 on)\}\
\
\
     def upgrade() -> None:\
         $\{upgrades if upgrades else "pass"\}\
\
\
     def downgrade() -> None:\
         $\{downgrades if downgrades else "pass"\}\
\
\
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Bash
\f0\b0 (source venv/bin/activate && alembic revision --autogenerate -m "Initial\
      schema with all models")\
  \uc0\u9151  INFO  [alembic.runtime.migration] Context impl SQLiteImpl.             \
    INFO  [alembic.runtime.migration] Context impl SQLiteImpl.\
    INFO  [alembic.runtime.migration] Will assume non-transactional DDL.\
    INFO  [alembic.runtime.migration] Will assume non-transactional DDL.\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added table\
    'api_studio_bootstrap_state'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added table\
    'api_studio_bootstrap_state'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index\
    'ix_api_studio_bootstrap_state_workspace_id' on '('workspace_id',)'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index\
    'ix_api_studio_bootstrap_state_workspace_id' on '('workspace_id',)'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added table\
    'api_studio_entity_cache'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added table\
    'api_studio_entity_cache'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index\
    'ix_api_studio_entity_cache_workspace_id' on '('workspace_id',)'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index\
    'ix_api_studio_entity_cache_workspace_id' on '('workspace_id',)'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added table\
    'api_studio_flow'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added table\
    'api_studio_flow'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index\
    'ix_api_studio_flow_workspace_id' on '('workspace_id',)'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index\
    'ix_api_studio_flow_workspace_id' on '('workspace_id',)'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added table\
    'api_studio_flow_execution'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added table\
    'api_studio_flow_execution'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index\
    'ix_api_studio_flow_execution_flow_id' on '('flow_id',)'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index\
    'ix_api_studio_flow_execution_flow_id' on '('flow_id',)'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index\
    'ix_api_studio_flow_execution_webhook_log_id' on '('webhook_log_id',)'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index\
    'ix_api_studio_flow_execution_webhook_log_id' on '('webhook_log_id',)'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index\
    'ix_api_studio_flow_execution_workspace_id' on '('workspace_id',)'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index\
    'ix_api_studio_flow_execution_workspace_id' on '('workspace_id',)'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added table\
    'api_studio_installation'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added table\
    'api_studio_installation'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index\
    'ix_api_studio_installation_workspace_id' on '('workspace_id',)'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index\
    'ix_api_studio_installation_workspace_id' on '('workspace_id',)'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added table\
    'api_studio_webhook_log'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added table\
    'api_studio_webhook_log'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index\
    'ix_api_studio_webhook_log_workspace_id' on '('workspace_id',)'\
    INFO  [alembic.autogenerate.compare] Detected added index\
    'ix_api_studio_webhook_log_workspace_id' on '('workspace_id',)'\
    Generating /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/alembic/vers\
    ions/5978bbfafc2d_initial_schema_with_all_models.py ...  done\
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Great! The migration has been created. Now let me mark this as completed and 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 move on to implementing the openapi_loader.py.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Good! Now let me implement the openapi_loader.py. First, let me check if 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 there's a partial implementation and see what the openapi.json file looks like
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3  (at least the structure).
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Step 3: Implement 
\f0\b0                 \cf3 11:36 PM\cf2   \cf3 claude-sonnet-4-5-20250929\cf2 \
  
\f2\b openapi_loader.py
\f0\b0 \
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Read
\f0\b0 (file_path: "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/op\
      enapi_loader.py")\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f2\b 37
\f0\b0  lines\
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Bash
\f0\b0 (head -100 docs/openapi.json)\
  \uc0\u9151  \{                                                                      \
      "openapi": "3.0.1",\
      "info": \{\
        "description": "## Introduction\\nBy using this REST API, you can\
    easily integrate Clockify with your own add-ons, push and pull\
    data\\nbetween Clockify and other tools, and create custom add-ons on\
    [CAKE.com Marketplace](https://marketplace.cake.com).\\nWhether you\'92re\
    looking to automate time tracking, generate custom reports, or build\
    other custom\\nintegrations, our API provides the flexibility and power\
    you need to get the job done. If you\\nhave any questions or run into\
    any issues while using our API, don\'92t hesitate to reach out to us for\
    help.\\nYou can also post questions on Stack Overflow with the Clockify\
    tag to get help from the community.\\n## Authentication\\nTo authenticate\
     your requests to your API, make sure to include either the \'91X-Api-Key\'92\
     or the\\n\'91X-Addon-Token\'92 in the request header, containing your API or\
    Addon key. If your workspace is\\non a subdomain (e.g.\
    subdomain.clockify.me), you\'92ll need to generate a new API key in\
    your\\nProfile Settings that will work specifically for that workspace.\
    This ensures that you\'92re\\naccessing data from the correct workspace and\
     helps maintain the security of your data.\\n## Webhooks\\nWebhooks can\
    enhance your workflow by keeping your add-on up-to-date with the latest\
     changes in\\nClockify. With Clockify\'92s webhooks you can receive\
    real-time notifications when certain events such as\\nstarting timer or\
    deleting time entry occur in Clockify. Workspace admins can create up\
    to 10 webhooks\\neach, with a total of 100 webhooks allowed per\
    workspace.\\n## Rate limiting\\nOur REST API has a specific rate limit of\
     50 requests per second (by addon on one workspace) when\\naccessed\
    using X-Addon-Token. Exceeding this limit will result in an error\
    message with the description\\n\\"Too many requests\\".\\n## API\
    URLs\\nRefer to the list on what URL to use base on the subdomain and\
    data region settings of your workspace.\\n* Global - can be used by\
    workspaces with or without subdomain.\\n    * Regular:\
    https://api.clockify.me/api/v1/file/image\\n    * PTO:\
    https://pto.api.clockify.me/v1/workspaces/\{workspaceId\}/policies\\n    *\
     Reports: https://reports.api.clockify.me/v1/workspaces/\{workspaceId\}/r\
    eports/detailed\\n* Regional\\n    * Non-subdomain\\n        * Regular:\
    https://euc1.clockify.me/api/v1/file/image\\n        * PTO:\
    https://use2.api.clockify.me/pto/v1/workspaces/\{workspaceId\}/policies\\n\
            * Reports: https://use2.clockify.me/report/v1/workspaces/\{works\
    paceId\}/reports/detailed\\n    * Subdomain\\n        * Regular:\
    https://euc1.clockify.me/api/v1/file/image\\n        * PTO: https://your\
    subdomainname.clockify.me/pto/v1/workspaces/\{workspaceId\}/policies\\n\
         * Reports: https://yoursubdomainname.clockify.me/report/v1/workspa\
    ces/\{workspaceId\}/reports/detailed\\n## Regional Server Prefixes\\nIf\
    your workspace is in a specific region, you need to change your URL\
    prefix to access v1 API endpoints.\\nFor example, this is how\
    **backend** api [v1/file/image](#tag/User/operation/uploadImage)\
    endpoint\\nwould look in EU region:\\n[https://euc1.clockify.me/api/v1/fi\
    le/image](https://euc1.clockify.me)\\n\\nBelow are the available regional\
     server prefixes:\\n* **EU (Germany)**: euc1\\n* **USA**: use2\\n* **UK**:\
     euw2\\n* **AU**: apse2\\n\\n\\n## Breaking changes\\nBreaking changes in\
    APIs are modifications that disrupt existing integrations,\\nrequiring\
    users to update their applications to maintain functionality.\\nThese\
    changes can lead to failures or unexpected results if not\
    addressed.\\nSee the list of [breaking\
    changes](/breaking-changes/).\\n\\n## Experimental APIs\\nThe experimental\
     API has been thoroughly tested and is ready for use in production.\
    However, please note that user feedback may lead to changes in the\
    API\'92s structure or functionality. If you choose to use the experimental\
     API, be prepared to modify your application code accordingly to\
    accommodate any updates.",\
        "title": "Clockify API",\
        "version": "v1",\
        "x-logo": \{\
          "altText": "Clockify logo",\
          "url":\
    "https://clockify.me/downloads/clockify_logo_primary_black_margin.png"\
        \}\
      \},\
      "servers": [\
        \{\
          "url": "/api",\
          "description": "API Base URL"\
        \},\
        \{\
          "url": "/pto",\
          "description": "API Base URL"\
        \}\
      ],\
      "tags": [\
        \{\
          "name": "User",\
          "x-displayName": "User"\
        \},\
        \{\
          "name": "backend-app",\
          "x-displayName": "backend-app"\
        \},\
        \{\
          "name": "Workspace",\
          "x-displayName": "Workspace"\
        \},\
        \{\
          "name": "Webhooks",\
          "x-displayName": "Webhooks"\
        \},\
        \{\
          "name": "Approval",\
          "x-displayName": "Approval"\
        \},\
        \{\
          "name": "Client",\
          "x-displayName": "Client"\
        \},\
        \{\
          "name": "Custom fields",\
          "x-displayName": "Custom fields"\
        \},\
        \{\
          "name": "Entity changes (Experimental)",\
          "x-displayName": "Entity changes (Experimental)",\
          "description": "For use case see [Entity Changes Use\
    Cases](#tag/Entity-Changes-Use-Cases)"\
        \},\
        \{\
          "name": "Expense",\
          "x-displayName": "Expense"\
        \},\
        \{\
          "name": "Holiday",\
          "x-displayName": "Holiday"\
        \},\
        \{\
          "name": "Invoice",\
          "x-displayName": "Invoice"\
        \},\
        \{\
          "name": "Project",\
          "x-displayName": "Project"\
        \},\
        \{\
          "name": "Task",\
          "x-displayName": "Task"\
        \},\
        \{\
          "name": "Scheduling",\
          "x-displayName": "Scheduling"\
        \},\
        \{\
          "name": "Tag",\
          "x-displayName": "Tag"\
        \},\
        \{\
          "name": "Time entry",\
          "x-displayName": "Time entry"\
        \},\
        \{\
          "name": "Balance",\
          "x-displayName": "Balance",\
          "description": "This endpoint group replaces the deprecated\
    [Balance (Deprecated)](#tag/Balance-(Deprecated)) endpoints.\\n\
    Request and response formats are exactly the same.\\n        Compared to\
     [Balance (Deprecated)](#tag/Balance-(Deprecated)), changes are made\
    only to the base URL and path.\\n    "\
        \},\
        \{\
          "name": "Policy",\
          "x-displayName": "Policy",\
          "description": "This endpoint group replaces the deprecated\
    [Policy (Deprecated)](#tag/Policy-(Deprecated)) endpoints.\\n\
    Request and response formats are exactly the same.\\n        Compared to\
     [Policy (Deprecated)](#tag/Policy-(Deprecated)), changes are made only\
     to the base URL and path.\\n    "\
        \},\
        \{\
          "name": "Time Off",\
          "x-displayName": "Time Off",\
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Good! I can see the structure. Now let me implement the openapi_loader.py with
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3  proper filtering logic for safe GET endpoints. I need to:
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 1. Filter GET operations only
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 2. Check if they have \{workspaceId\} in the path
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 3. Exclude operations that require additional path params like \{id\}, \{userId\},
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3  etc. (unless we can populate them)
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 4. Exclude heavy report endpoints unless configured to include them
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Let me implement this.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf11 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Update
\f0\b0 (/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/openapi_load\
        er.py)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0\cf11 Error: String to replace not found in file.\cf2 \
     \cf11 String: def list_safe_get_operations() -> List[Dict[str, Any]]:\cf2 \
     \cf11     """Return a list of GET operations considered safe for bootstrap.\cf2 \
\
     \cf11     The product spec defines what "safe" means (workspace-level list \cf2 \
     \cf11 endpoints).\cf2 \
     \cf11     Implement filtering here using the loaded OpenAPI spec.\cf2 \
     \cf11     """\cf2 \
     \cf11     spec = load_openapi()\cf2 \
     \cf11     safe_ops: List[Dict[str, Any]] = []\cf2 \
     \cf11     paths = spec.get("paths", \{\}")\cf2 \
     \cf11     for path, methods in paths.items():\cf2 \
     \cf11         get_op = methods.get("get")\cf2 \
     \cf11         if not get_op:\cf2 \
     \cf11             continue\cf2 \
     \cf11         # Claude: add logic to filter by workspaceId path param, avoid heavy\cf2 \
     \cf11  reports, etc.\cf2 \
     \cf11         safe_ops.append(\{"path": path, "operation": get_op\})\cf2 \
     \cf11     return safe_ops\cf2 \
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Let me read the file again to get the exact formatting.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Read
\f0\b0 (file_path: "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/op\
      enapi_loader.py", offset: 20)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f2\b 18
\f0\b0  lines\
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 I see - there's a missing quote in the paths.get(). Let me fix this correctly.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Write
\f0\b0 (/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/openapi_loade\
       r.py)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Updated 
\f2\b /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/ope
\f0\b0 \
     
\f2\b api_loader.py
\f0\b0  with 
\f2\b 96
\f0\b0  additions and 
\f2\b 2
\f0\b0  removals\
     \cf3    23 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3    24 \cf5        The product spec defines what "safe" means \cf2 \
     \cf3       \cf5   (workspace-level list endpoints).\cf2 \
     \cf3    25 \cf5        Implement filtering here using the loaded OpenAPI spec.\cf2 \
     \cf3    26 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    27 \cf5 \cb9 +      Safe operations are:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    28 \cf5 \cb9 +      - GET methods only\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    29 \cf5 \cb9 +      - Contains \{workspaceId\} in path\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    30 \cf5 \cb9 +      - No other required path params (like \{id\}, \{userId\}, \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + \{timeEntryId\}, etc.)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    31 \cf5 \cb9 +      - Not heavy report endpoints (unless explicitly enabled\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 +  in settings)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    32 \cf5        """\cf2 \
     \cf3    33 \cf5        spec = load_openapi()\cf2 \
     \cf3    34 \cf5        safe_ops: List[Dict[str, Any]] = []\cf2 \
     \cf3    35 \cf5        paths = spec.get("paths", \{\})\cf2 \
     \cf3    36 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    37 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Core safe endpoints that should always be included \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + for bootstrapping\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    38 \cf5 \cb9 +      core_endpoints = [\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    39 \cf5 \cb9 +          "/v1/user",  # Current user info\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    40 \cf5 \cb9 +          "/v1/workspaces",  # List workspaces\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    41 \cf5 \cb9 +      ]\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    42 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    43 \cf5        for path, methods in paths.items():\cf2 \
     \cf3    44 \cf5            get_op = methods.get("get")\cf2 \
     \cf3    45 \cf5            if not get_op:\cf2 \
     \cf3    46 \cf5                continue\cf2 \
     \cf3    47 \cf5 \cb7 -          # Claude: add logic to filter by workspaceId path \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb7 - param, avoid heavy reports, etc.\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    48 \cf5 \cb7 -          safe_ops.append(\{"path": path, "operation": \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb7 - get_op\})\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    47 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    48 \cf5 \cb9 +          # Check if this is a core endpoint (no workspace \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + required)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    49 \cf5 \cb9 +          is_core = path in core_endpoints\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    50 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    51 \cf5 \cb9 +          # Check if path contains \{workspaceId\}\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    52 \cf5 \cb9 +          has_workspace_id = "\{workspaceId\}" in path\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    53 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    54 \cf5 \cb9 +          if not is_core and not has_workspace_id:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    55 \cf5 \cb9 +              continue\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    56 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    57 \cf5 \cb9 +          # Extract path parameters\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    58 \cf5 \cb9 +          path_params = [p for p in (get_op.get("parameters")\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 +  or []) if p.get("in") == "path"]\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    59 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    60 \cf5 \cb9 +          # For workspace-scoped endpoints, skip if there are\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 +  other required path params\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    61 \cf5 \cb9 +          if has_workspace_id:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    62 \cf5 \cb9 +              other_required_params = [\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    63 \cf5 \cb9 +                  p for p in path_params\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    64 \cf5 \cb9 +                  if p.get("name") != "workspaceId" and \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + p.get("required", False)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    65 \cf5 \cb9 +              ]\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    66 \cf5 \cb9 +              if other_required_params:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    67 \cf5 \cb9 +                  continue\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    68 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    69 \cf5 \cb9 +          # Skip heavy report endpoints (those with "report" \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + or "detailed" in path or summary)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    70 \cf5 \cb9 +          summary = (get_op.get("summary") or "").lower()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    71 \cf5 \cb9 +          if "detailed" in path.lower() or "report" in \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + path.lower():\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    72 \cf5 \cb9 +              if "detailed" in summary or "heavy" in summary:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    73 \cf5 \cb9 +                  continue\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    74 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    75 \cf5 \cb9 +          # Get operation ID and tags for categorization\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    76 \cf5 \cb9 +          operation_id = get_op.get("operationId", path)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    77 \cf5 \cb9 +          tags = get_op.get("tags", ["Uncategorized"])\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    78 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    79 \cf5 \cb9 +          safe_ops.append(\{\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    80 \cf5 \cb9 +              "path": path,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    81 \cf5 \cb9 +              "operation_id": operation_id,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    82 \cf5 \cb9 +              "method": "GET",\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    83 \cf5 \cb9 +              "operation": get_op,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    84 \cf5 \cb9 +              "tags": tags,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    85 \cf5 \cb9 +              "summary": get_op.get("summary", ""),\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    86 \cf5 \cb9 +              "is_core": is_core\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    87 \cf5 \cb9 +          \})\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    88 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    89 \cf5        return safe_ops\cf2 \
     \cf3    90 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    91 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    92 \cf5 \cb9 +  def get_operation_by_id(operation_id: str) -> Dict[str, \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + Any] | None:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    93 \cf5 \cb9 +      """Get a specific operation by its operationId."""\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    94 \cf5 \cb9 +      spec = load_openapi()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    95 \cf5 \cb9 +      paths = spec.get("paths", \{\})\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    96 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    97 \cf5 \cb9 +      for path, methods in paths.items():\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    98 \cf5 \cb9 +          for method, operation in methods.items():\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    99 \cf5 \cb9 +              if isinstance(operation, dict) and \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + operation.get("operationId") == operation_id:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   100 \cf5 \cb9 +                  return \{\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   101 \cf5 \cb9 +                      "path": path,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   102 \cf5 \cb9 +                      "method": method.upper(),\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   103 \cf5 \cb9 +                      "operation": operation\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   104 \cf5 \cb9 +                  \}\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   105 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   106 \cf5 \cb9 +      return None\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   107 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   108 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   109 \cf5 \cb9 +  def list_all_operations() -> List[Dict[str, Any]]:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   110 \cf5 \cb9 +      """List all operations from the OpenAPI spec for the \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + API Explorer."""\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   111 \cf5 \cb9 +      spec = load_openapi()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   112 \cf5 \cb9 +      all_ops: List[Dict[str, Any]] = []\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   113 \cf5 \cb9 +      paths = spec.get("paths", \{\})\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   114 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   115 \cf5 \cb9 +      for path, methods in paths.items():\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   116 \cf5 \cb9 +          for method, operation in methods.items():\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   117 \cf5 \cb9 +              # Skip non-operation keys like 'parameters'\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   118 \cf5 \cb9 +              if not isinstance(operation, dict) or \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + "operationId" not in operation:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   119 \cf5 \cb9 +                  continue\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   120 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   121 \cf5 \cb9 +              all_ops.append(\{\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   122 \cf5 \cb9 +                  "path": path,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   123 \cf5 \cb9 +                  "method": method.upper(),\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   124 \cf5 \cb9 +                  "operation_id": \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + operation.get("operationId", f"\{method\}_\{path\}"),\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   125 \cf5 \cb9 +                  "summary": operation.get("summary", ""),\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   126 \cf5 \cb9 +                  "tags": operation.get("tags", \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + ["Uncategorized"]),\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   127 \cf5 \cb9 +                  "operation": operation\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   128 \cf5 \cb9 +              \})\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   129 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   130 \cf5 \cb9 +      return all_ops\cf2 \cb1 \
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Great! Now let me implement the lifecycle endpoints. I'll start with the 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 lifecycle/installed endpoint which is critical for the add-on to work. 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 According to the documentation, I need to:
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 1. Parse the installation payload from Clockify
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 2. Store the installation data (workspaceId, addonId, apiUrl, authToken, 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 settings)
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 3. Initialize bootstrap state
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 4. Optionally kick off a bootstrap job
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Let me look at what structure the Clockify Addon Guide expects for the 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 installation payload.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Step 4: Implement Lifecycle 
\f0\b0       \cf3 11:38 PM\cf2   \cf3 claude-sonnet-4-5-20250929\cf2 \
  
\f2\b Endpoints
\f0\b0 \
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Read
\f0\b0 (file_path: "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/docs/Clockify\
      _Addon_Guide.md", limit: 100)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f2\b 100
\f0\b0  lines\
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 I need to find more details about the lifecycle payload. Let me search for 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 installation payload in the doc.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Bash
\f0\b0 (grep -A 20 -B 5 "installed" docs/Clockify_Addon_Guide.md | head -80)\
  \uc0\u9151  There are several ways this token can be retrieved, as well as several \
    types of tokens that are available. The two primary ways an add-on\
    token\
    can be retrieved are:\
\
    during installation as part of the installed lifecycle when a UI\
    component is loaded How does the add-on UI integrate with Clockify?# An\
    add-on can define its UI elements in the manifest by defining UI\
    components.\
\
    UI components are entry points to the UI of the add-on. They are HTML\
    pages which Clockify loads inside iframes in order to integrate them\
    into Clockify's UI. There are several types of UI components, each with\
    its own locations, that can be configured.\
\
    How does the add-on UI interact with Clockify?# UI components can\
    interact with Clockify in several ways:\
\
    by calling the Clockify API\
\
    by calling the add-on backend, which in turn interacts with the\
    Clockify\
    API\
\
    by listening to or dispatching window events\
\
    UI components are loaded and rendered inside iframes. At the time they\
    --\
    host its own settings screen. This setup can be beneficial if the UI is\
    complex, if you'd like to store settings in your own infrastructure, or\
    if the settings need to follow a specific design. The settings UI will\
    work the same as any other UI component.\
\
    How does an add-on work?# After an add-on is installed, it's added to\
    the workspace and loaded whenever a user loads the Clockify app.\
\
    There are several ways in which Clockify interacts with the add-on:\
\
    Lifecycle events: Add-on receives events when installed, deleted, if\
    its\
    settings are updated, or status is changed Webhooks: Add-on receives\
    webhooks for all the events it has subscribed to on the manifest\
    Components: Add-on receives requests to render a component whenever a\
    user navigates to it Components Window Messages: Add-on components can\
    receive window events after they are loaded An add-on can work in both\
    interactive (responding to user interactions or events) and\
    non-interactive (responding to Clockify webhooks or processing server\
    side jobs) ways.\
\
    Can new features be added after an add-on is published?# You can add\
    new\
    features or improve existing ones after an add-on is published.\
\
    However, there are certain changes that require updating the manifest\
    and/or other data such as the add-on name and the marketplace listing\
    that are required to go through an approval process.\
\
    Changes to the manifest, such as adding or updating components,\
    lifecycle webhooks or scopes, will only take effect after a new version\
    of the add-on is approved and published.\
\
    --\
    PUBLISH Development Checklist Publishing and Guidelines Private addon\
    deployment Clockify Add-on Quick Start Guide# Developer account# Before\
    starting our development process, we will need to create a CAKE.com\
    developer account. A developer account will allow us to publish, manage\
    and monetize our add-ons as well as provide us with a testing\
    environment and workspace where the add-on can be installed and tested\
    during development. You can learn more about how to get started with\
    the\
    developer account here.\
\
    Let's get started with developing a simple add-on.# In this guide we'll\
    build a new add-on from scratch and go through the development steps\
    one\
    by one, but first we have to define what an add-on is.\
\
    Add-ons are software components that can be used to extend the\
    functionalities of CAKE.com products. They are technology-agnostic,\
    meaning they can be developed using the languages and frameworks of\
    your\
    choice. For this guide we will be writing our add-on in Java, using the\
    CAKE.com Addon SDK and UI Kit.\
\
    Defining our add-on and its scope# Before starting our development\
    process, we'll need to define how our add-on will look like and what it\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Let me check the manifest file and also look for example payloads in the 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 webhook samples file.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Read
\f0\b0 (file_path: "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/manifest.api-\
      studio.json")\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f2\b 91
\f0\b0  lines\
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Bash
\f0\b0 (grep -i "lifecycle" docs/Clockify_Addon_Guide.md | head -20)\
  \uc0\u9151  Lifecycle UI Components Webhooks Settings Developer Account            \
    during installation as part of the installed lifecycle when a UI\
    Lifecycle events: Add-on receives events when installed, deleted, if\
    its\
    lifecycle webhooks or scopes, will only take effect after a new version\
    Lifecycle UI Components Webhooks Settings Developer Account\
    Lifecycle UI Components Webhooks Settings Developer Account\
    be relative to the baseUrl defined above. lifecycle no yes Lifecycles\
    \}, "iconPath": "/trt"\\] Lifecycle# Lifecycles contain events add-on\
    yes The lifecycle event you want to subscribe to. Possible values:\
    "lifecycle": \\[ \{ "path": "/postinstall", "type": "INSTALLED" \}, \{\
    Previous Page Quick Start Next Page Lifecycle\
    ON THIS PAGE Definition Schema Top-level properties Components\
    Lifecycle\
    Lifecycle UI Components Webhooks Settings Developer Account\
    deployment Lifecycle# Definition# The lifecycle of an add-on consists\
    of\
    Throughout its lifecycle whe add-on may be in one of the two states:\
    are still kept A general lifecycle of an add-on includes the following\
    To receive this event, the add-on must declare the INSTALLED lifecycle\
    hook as part of its lifecycles. During installation, a lifecycle event\
    Request Headers Content-Type : application/json X-Addon-Lifecycle-Token\
    lifecycle hook as part of its lifecycles.\
\
\
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Let me look for the addon examples to see what the lifecycle payload structure
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3  looks like.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Read
\f0\b0 (file_path: "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/docs/addon-ex\
      amples-and-sdk.md", limit: 150)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f2\b 150
\f0\b0  lines\
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Let me search for the Installation model in the addon examples file to see the
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3  expected payload structure.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Bash
\f0\b0 (grep -A 30 "class Installation" docs/addon-examples-and-sdk.md | head\
      -50)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0\cf3 (No content)\cf2 \
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Let me grep for "addonId" or "authToken" which should be in the installation 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 payload.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Bash
\f0\b0 (grep -B 3 -A 10 "addonId\\|authToken" docs/addon-examples-and-sdk.md |\
      head -60)\
  \uc0\u9151  package com.cake.clockify.helloworld.model;                            \
\
    public record Installation(\
            String addonId,\
            String authToken,\
            String workspaceId,\
            String asUser,\
            String apiUrl\
    ) \{\}\
    ```\
\
    ### addon-examples-main/hello-world-java/src/main/resources/ui.html\
\
    - Size: 2179 bytes\
    - MIME: text/html; charset=us-ascii\
    --\
    public abstract class AddonRequest implements RequestHandler \{\
        private static final String HEADER_SIGNATURE =\
    "Clockify-Signature";\
\
        private String addonId;\
        private String workspaceId;\
        private String bodyJson;\
        private HttpServletRequest request;\
        HttpServletResponse response;\
\
        public <T> T getBody(Class<T> clazz) \{\
            return new Gson().fromJson(bodyJson, clazz);\
        \}\
\
        @Override\
    --\
                // your addon should not accept unsigned requests\
                Claims claims =\
    JwtUtils.parseJwtClaimsWithoutVerifying(signature).getBody();\
                workspaceId = claims.get("workspaceId", String.class);\
                addonId = claims.get("addonId", String.class);\
            \} else \{\
                workspaceId = null;\
                addonId = null;\
            \}\
            this.request = request;\
            this.response = response;\
            bodyJson = request.getReader().lines().collect(Collectors.joini\
    ng(System.lineSeparator()));\
            additionalHandling(this);\
        \}\
\
        public abstract void additionalHandling(AddonRequest request);\
    \}\
\
    --\
        \}\
\
        public void removeInstallation(Installation installation) \{\
            Document document = new Document("addonId",\
    installation.addonId());\
\
            client.getDatabase(mongoDatabase)\
                    .getCollection(COLLECTION_INSTALLATIONS)\
                    .deleteOne(document);\
        \}\
\
        public Installation getInstallation(String addonId) \{\
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Perfect! Now I have the structure:
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 \{
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3   "addonId": "...",
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3   "authToken": "...",  // This is the X-Addon-Token
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3   "workspaceId": "...",
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3   "asUser": "...",     // User ID who installed it
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3   "apiUrl": "..."      // Base URL for Clockify API
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 \}
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Now let me implement the lifecycle endpoints properly. I'll need to create 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 Pydantic models for the payloads first, then implement the endpoints.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Write
\f0\b0 (/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/lifecycle.py)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Updated                                                               \
     
\f2\b /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/lifecycle.py
\f0\b0 \
      with 
\f2\b 170
\f0\b0  additions and 
\f2\b 18
\f0\b0  removals\
     \cf3     1 \cf5    from __future__ import annotations\cf2 \
     \cf3     2 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3     3 \cf5    from fastapi import APIRouter, Depends, HTTPException\cf2 \
     \cf3     4 \cf5 \cb9 +  from pydantic import BaseModel\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3     5 \cf5 \cb9 +  from sqlalchemy import select\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3     6 \cf5    from sqlalchemy.ext.asyncio import AsyncSession\cf2 \
     \cf3     7 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3     8 \cf5    from .db import get_session\cf2 \
     \cf3     9 \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5 from .models import Installation\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3     9 \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5 from .models import Installation\cb10 , BootstrapState\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    10 \cf5 \cb9 +  from .bootstrap import run_bootstrap_for_workspace\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    11 \cf5 \cb9 +  from .clockify_client import ClockifyClient\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    12 \cf5 \cb9 +  import asyncio\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    13 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3    14 \cf5    router = APIRouter(prefix="/lifecycle", tags=["lifecycle"])\cf2 \
     \cf3    15 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3    16 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3    17 \cf5 \cb9 +  class InstallationPayload(BaseModel):\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    18 \cf5 \cb9 +      """Payload received when add-on is installed in a \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + workspace."""\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    19 \cf5 \cb9 +      addon_id: str = None  # May be addonId or addon_id\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    20 \cf5 \cb9 +      auth_token: str = None  # May be authToken or \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + auth_token\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    21 \cf5 \cb9 +      workspace_id: str = None  # May be workspaceId or \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + workspace_id\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    22 \cf5 \cb9 +      as_user: str | None = None  # May be asUser or as_user\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    23 \cf5 \cb9 +      api_url: str = None  # May be apiUrl or api_url\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    24 \cf5 \cb9 +      settings: dict | None = None\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    25 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    26 \cf5 \cb9 +      class Config:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    27 \cf5 \cb9 +          populate_by_name = True\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    28 \cf5 \cb9 +          # Support both camelCase (from Clockify) and \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + snake_case\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    29 \cf5 \cb9 +          extra = "allow"\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    30 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    31 \cf5 \cb9 +      def model_post_init(self, __context) -> None:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    32 \cf5 \cb9 +          """Handle camelCase to snake_case conversion for \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + Clockify payload."""\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    33 \cf5 \cb9 +          # Map Clockify's camelCase to our snake_case\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    34 \cf5 \cb9 +          if hasattr(self, '__pydantic_extra__') and \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + self.__pydantic_extra__:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    35 \cf5 \cb9 +              if 'addonId' in self.__pydantic_extra__ and not\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 +  self.addon_id:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    36 \cf5 \cb9 +                  self.addon_id = \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + self.__pydantic_extra__['addonId']\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    37 \cf5 \cb9 +              if 'authToken' in self.__pydantic_extra__ and \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + not self.auth_token:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    38 \cf5 \cb9 +                  self.auth_token = \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + self.__pydantic_extra__['authToken']\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    39 \cf5 \cb9 +              if 'workspaceId' in self.__pydantic_extra__ and\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 +  not self.workspace_id:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    40 \cf5 \cb9 +                  self.workspace_id = \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + self.__pydantic_extra__['workspaceId']\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    41 \cf5 \cb9 +              if 'asUser' in self.__pydantic_extra__ and not \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + self.as_user:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    42 \cf5 \cb9 +                  self.as_user = \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + self.__pydantic_extra__['asUser']\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    43 \cf5 \cb9 +              if 'apiUrl' in self.__pydantic_extra__ and not \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + self.api_url:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    44 \cf5 \cb9 +                  self.api_url = \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + self.__pydantic_extra__['apiUrl']\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    45 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    46 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    47 \cf5 \cb9 +  class UninstallationPayload(BaseModel):\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    48 \cf5 \cb9 +      """Payload received when add-on is uninstalled from a \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + workspace."""\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    49 \cf5 \cb9 +      addon_id: str = None\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    50 \cf5 \cb9 +      workspace_id: str = None\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    51 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    52 \cf5 \cb9 +      class Config:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    53 \cf5 \cb9 +          populate_by_name = True\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    54 \cf5 \cb9 +          extra = "allow"\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    55 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    56 \cf5 \cb9 +      def model_post_init(self, __context) -> None:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    57 \cf5 \cb9 +          if hasattr(self, '__pydantic_extra__') and \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + self.__pydantic_extra__:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    58 \cf5 \cb9 +              if 'addonId' in self.__pydantic_extra__ and not\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 +  self.addon_id:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    59 \cf5 \cb9 +                  self.addon_id = \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + self.__pydantic_extra__['addonId']\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    60 \cf5 \cb9 +              if 'workspaceId' in self.__pydantic_extra__ and\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 +  not self.workspace_id:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    61 \cf5 \cb9 +                  self.workspace_id = \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + self.__pydantic_extra__['workspaceId']\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    62 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    63 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    64 \cf5 \cb9 +  class SettingsUpdatedPayload(BaseModel):\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    65 \cf5 \cb9 +      """Payload received when add-on settings are \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + updated."""\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    66 \cf5 \cb9 +      addon_id: str = None\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    67 \cf5 \cb9 +      workspace_id: str = None\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    68 \cf5 \cb9 +      settings: dict | None = None\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    69 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    70 \cf5 \cb9 +      class Config:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    71 \cf5 \cb9 +          populate_by_name = True\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    72 \cf5 \cb9 +          extra = "allow"\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    73 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    74 \cf5 \cb9 +      def model_post_init(self, __context) -> None:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    75 \cf5 \cb9 +          if hasattr(self, '__pydantic_extra__') and \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + self.__pydantic_extra__:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    76 \cf5 \cb9 +              if 'addonId' in self.__pydantic_extra__ and not\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 +  self.addon_id:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    77 \cf5 \cb9 +                  self.addon_id = \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + self.__pydantic_extra__['addonId']\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    78 \cf5 \cb9 +              if 'workspaceId' in self.__pydantic_extra__ and\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 +  not self.workspace_id:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    79 \cf5 \cb9 +                  self.workspace_id = \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + self.__pydantic_extra__['workspaceId']\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    80 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    81 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    82 \cf5    @router.post("/installed")\cf2 \
     \cf3    83 \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5 async def lifecycle_installed(payload: \cb8 dict\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5 , session: AsyncSession = Depends(get_session)) -> dict:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    83 \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5 async def lifecycle_installed(payload: \cb10 InstallationPayload\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5 , session: AsyncSession = Depends(get_session)) -> dict:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    84 \cf5        """Handle Clockify add-on installation.\cf2 \
     \cf3    85 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3    86 \cf5 \cb7 -      Claude: validate payload according to \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb7 - Clockify_Addon_Guide, then:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    87 \cf5 \cb7 -      - Upsert Installation row for workspaceId.\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    88 \cf5 \cb7 -      - Store addon token, apiUrl, settings.\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    89 \cf5 \cb7 -      - Mark as active.\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    90 \cf5 \cb7 -      - Kick off bootstrap job (can be deferred or background\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb7 -  task).\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    86 \cf5 \cb9 +      - Upsert Installation row for workspaceId\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    87 \cf5 \cb9 +      - Store addon token, apiUrl, settings\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    88 \cf5 \cb9 +      - Mark as active\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    89 \cf5 \cb9 +      - Initialize bootstrap state\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    90 \cf5 \cb9 +      - Optionally kick off bootstrap job\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    91 \cf5        """\cf2 \
     \cf3    92 \cf5 \cb7 -      # TODO: implement installation logic, X-Addon-Token \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb7 - extraction, etc.\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    93 \cf5 \cb7 -      _ = (payload, session)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    94 \cf5 \cb7 -      return \{"status": "ok"\}\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    92 \cf5 \cb9 +      if not payload.workspace_id or not payload.auth_token \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + or not payload.api_url:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    93 \cf5 \cb9 +          raise HTTPException(status_code=400, \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + detail="Missing required fields: workspaceId, authToken, or \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + apiUrl")\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    94 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3    95 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Check if installation already exists\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    96 \cf5 \cb9 +      stmt = \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + select(Installation).where(Installation.workspace_id == \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + payload.workspace_id)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    97 \cf5 \cb9 +      result = await session.execute(stmt)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    98 \cf5 \cb9 +      installation = result.scalar_one_or_none()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    99 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3   100 \cf5 \cb9 +      if installation:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   101 \cf5 \cb9 +          # Update existing installation\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   102 \cf5 \cb9 +          installation.addon_id = payload.addon_id or \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + installation.addon_id\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   103 \cf5 \cb9 +          installation.addon_token = payload.auth_token\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   104 \cf5 \cb9 +          installation.api_url = payload.api_url\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   105 \cf5 \cb9 +          installation.settings_json = payload.settings\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   106 \cf5 \cb9 +          installation.active = True\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   107 \cf5 \cb9 +      else:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   108 \cf5 \cb9 +          # Create new installation\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   109 \cf5 \cb9 +          installation = Installation(\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   110 \cf5 \cb9 +              workspace_id=payload.workspace_id,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   111 \cf5 \cb9 +              addon_id=payload.addon_id or \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + "clockify-api-studio",\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   112 \cf5 \cb9 +              api_url=payload.api_url,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   113 \cf5 \cb9 +              addon_token=payload.auth_token,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   114 \cf5 \cb9 +              settings_json=payload.settings,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   115 \cf5 \cb9 +              active=True\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   116 \cf5 \cb9 +          )\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   117 \cf5 \cb9 +          session.add(installation)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   118 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   119 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Initialize or reset bootstrap state\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   120 \cf5 \cb9 +      bootstrap_stmt = \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + select(BootstrapState).where(BootstrapState.workspace_id == \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + payload.workspace_id)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   121 \cf5 \cb9 +      bootstrap_result = await \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + session.execute(bootstrap_stmt)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   122 \cf5 \cb9 +      bootstrap_state = bootstrap_result.scalar_one_or_none()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   123 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   124 \cf5 \cb9 +      if not bootstrap_state:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   125 \cf5 \cb9 +          bootstrap_state = BootstrapState(\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   126 \cf5 \cb9 +              workspace_id=payload.workspace_id,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   127 \cf5 \cb9 +              status="PENDING",\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   128 \cf5 \cb9 +              progress=0,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   129 \cf5 \cb9 +              total=0\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   130 \cf5 \cb9 +          )\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   131 \cf5 \cb9 +          session.add(bootstrap_state)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   132 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   133 \cf5 \cb9 +      await session.commit()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   134 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   135 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Check if we should run bootstrap automatically\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   136 \cf5 \cb9 +      settings = payload.settings or \{\}\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   137 \cf5 \cb9 +      bootstrap_on_install = \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + settings.get("bootstrap_on_install", True)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   138 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   139 \cf5 \cb9 +      if bootstrap_on_install:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   140 \cf5 \cb9 +          # Kick off bootstrap in background (non-blocking)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   141 \cf5 \cb9 +          client = ClockifyClient(base_url=payload.api_url, \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + addon_token=payload.auth_token)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   142 \cf5 \cb9 +          # Fire and forget - don't await\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   143 \cf5 \cb9 +          asyncio.create_task(_run_bootstrap_background(paylo\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + ad.workspace_id, client, session))\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   144 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   145 \cf5 \cb9 +      return \{"status": "ok", "message": "Installation \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + successful"\}\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   146 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   147 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   148 \cf5 \cb9 +  async def _run_bootstrap_background(workspace_id: str, \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + client: ClockifyClient, session: AsyncSession) -> None:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   149 \cf5 \cb9 +      """Run bootstrap in the background."""\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   150 \cf5 \cb9 +      try:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   151 \cf5 \cb9 +          await run_bootstrap_for_workspace(session, \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + workspace_id, client)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   152 \cf5 \cb9 +      except Exception as e:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   153 \cf5 \cb9 +          # Log error but don't fail the installation\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   154 \cf5 \cb9 +          print(f"Background bootstrap failed for workspace \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + \{workspace_id\}: \{e\}")\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   155 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   156 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   157 \cf5    @router.post("/uninstalled")\cf2 \
     \cf3   158 \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5 async def lifecycle_uninstalled(payload: \cb8 dict\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5 , session: AsyncSession = Depends(get_session)) -> dict:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   158 \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5 async def lifecycle_uninstalled(payload: \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5 \cb10 UninstallationPayload\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5 , session: AsyncSession = Depends(get_session)) -> dict:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   159 \cf5        """Handle Clockify add-on uninstallation.\cf2 \
     \cf3   160 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3   161 \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5     \cb8 Claude:\cb7  \cb8 mark \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5 installation inactive and optionally clean up data.\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   161 \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5     \cb10 Mark\cb9  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5 installation inactive and optionally clean up data.\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   162 \cf5        """\cf2 \
     \cf3   163 \cf5 \cb7 -      _ = (payload, session)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   164 \cf5 \cb7 -      return \{"status": "ok"\}\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   163 \cf5 \cb9 +      if not payload.workspace_id:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   164 \cf5 \cb9 +          raise HTTPException(status_code=400, \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + detail="Missing required field: workspaceId")\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   165 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3   166 \cf5 \cb9 +      stmt = \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + select(Installation).where(Installation.workspace_id == \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + payload.workspace_id)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   167 \cf5 \cb9 +      result = await session.execute(stmt)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   168 \cf5 \cb9 +      installation = result.scalar_one_or_none()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   169 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3   170 \cf5 \cb9 +      if installation:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   171 \cf5 \cb9 +          installation.active = False\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   172 \cf5 \cb9 +          await session.commit()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   173 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   174 \cf5 \cb9 +      return \{"status": "ok", "message": "Uninstallation \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + successful"\}\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   175 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   176 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   177 \cf5    @router.post("/settings-updated")\cf2 \
     \cf3   178 \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5 async def lifecycle_settings_updated(payload: \cb8 dict\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5 , session: AsyncSession = Depends(get_session)) -> dict:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   178 \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5 async def lifecycle_settings_updated(payload: \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5 \cb10 SettingsUpdatedPayload\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5 , session: AsyncSession = Depends(get_session)) -> dict:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   179 \cf5        """Handle structured settings updates from Clockify.\cf2 \
     \cf3   180 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3   181 \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5     \cb8 Claude:\cb7  \cb8 persist \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5 changes to Installation.settings_json and adjust behavior \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5 accordingly.\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   181 \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5     \cb10 Persist\cb9  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5 changes to Installation.settings_json and adjust behavior \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5 accordingly.\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   182 \cf5        """\cf2 \
     \cf3   183 \cf5 \cb7 -      _ = (payload, session)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   184 \cf5 \cb7 -      return \{"status": "ok"\}\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   183 \cf5 \cb9 +      if not payload.workspace_id:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   184 \cf5 \cb9 +          raise HTTPException(status_code=400, \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + detail="Missing required field: workspaceId")\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   185 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   186 \cf5 \cb9 +      stmt = \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + select(Installation).where(Installation.workspace_id == \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + payload.workspace_id)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   187 \cf5 \cb9 +      result = await session.execute(stmt)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   188 \cf5 \cb9 +      installation = result.scalar_one_or_none()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   189 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   190 \cf5 \cb9 +      if not installation:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   191 \cf5 \cb9 +          raise HTTPException(status_code=404, \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + detail="Installation not found for this workspace")\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   192 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   193 \cf5 \cb9 +      installation.settings_json = payload.settings\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   194 \cf5 \cb9 +      await session.commit()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   195 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   196 \cf5 \cb9 +      return \{"status": "ok", "message": "Settings updated \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + successfully"\}\cf2 \cb1 \
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Great! The lifecycle endpoints are done. Now I need to implement the 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 bootstrap.py logic. This is a critical piece that needs to:
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 1. Discover safe GET endpoints from OpenAPI
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 2. Call them with proper rate limiting (max 25 RPS by default)
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 3. Handle pagination4. Store results in EntityCache
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 4. Update BootstrapState with progress
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Let me implement this now.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Step 5: Implement Bootstrap Logic
\f0\b0  \cf3 11:39 PM\cf2   \cf3 claude-sonnet-4-5-20250929\cf2 \
\
  Now I'll implement the\
  comprehensive bootstrap logic\
  with rate limiting and\
  pagination:\
\
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Write
\f0\b0 (/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/bootstrap.py)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Updated                                                               \
     
\f2\b /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/bootstrap.py
\f0\b0 \
      with 
\f2\b 193
\f0\b0  additions and 
\f2\b 9
\f0\b0  removals\
     \cf3     1 \cf5    from __future__ import annotations\cf2 \
     \cf3     2 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3     3 \cf5 \cb9 +  import asyncio\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3     4 \cf5 \cb9 +  from datetime import datetime\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3     5 \cf5    from typing import Any, Dict\cf2 \
     \cf3     6 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3     7 \cf5 \cb9 +  from sqlalchemy import select\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3     8 \cf5    from sqlalchemy.ext.asyncio import AsyncSession\cf2 \
     \cf3     9 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3    10 \cf5    from .clockify_client import ClockifyClient\cf2 \
     \cf3    11 \cf5 \cb9 +  from .config import settings\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    12 \cf5    from .models import BootstrapState, EntityCache\cf2 \
     \cf3    13 \cf5    from .openapi_loader import list_safe_get_operations\cf2 \
     \cf3    14 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3    15 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3    16 \cf5 \cb9 +  class RateLimiter:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    17 \cf5 \cb9 +      """Simple rate limiter to enforce max requests per \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + second."""\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    18 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    19 \cf5 \cb9 +      def __init__(self, max_rps: int):\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    20 \cf5 \cb9 +          self.max_rps = max_rps\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    21 \cf5 \cb9 +          self.min_interval = 1.0 / max_rps\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    22 \cf5 \cb9 +          self.last_request_time = 0.0\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    23 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    24 \cf5 \cb9 +      async def acquire(self) -> None:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    25 \cf5 \cb9 +          """Wait if necessary to respect rate limit."""\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    26 \cf5 \cb9 +          now = asyncio.get_event_loop().time()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    27 \cf5 \cb9 +          time_since_last = now - self.last_request_time\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    28 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    29 \cf5 \cb9 +          if time_since_last < self.min_interval:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    30 \cf5 \cb9 +              await asyncio.sleep(self.min_interval - \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + time_since_last)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    31 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    32 \cf5 \cb9 +          self.last_request_time = \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + asyncio.get_event_loop().time()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    33 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    34 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    35 \cf5    async def run_bootstrap_for_workspace(session: \cf2 \
     \cf3       \cf5   AsyncSession, workspace_id: str, client: ClockifyClient) -> \cf2 \
     \cf3       \cf5   None:\cf2 \
     \cf3    36 \cf5        """Run the initial GET bootstrap for a workspace.\cf2 \
     \cf3    37 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3    38 \cf5        This should:\cf2 \
     \cf3    39 \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5     - Discover safe GET endpoints from the OpenAPI spec\cb8 .\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    40 \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5     - Call them with appropriate path/query params \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5 (workspaceId, pagination)\cb8 .\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    41 \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5     - Store results into EntityCache\cb8 .\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    42 \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5     - Update BootstrapState with progress and status\cb8 .\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    43 \cf5 \cb7 -  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    44 \cf5 \cb7 -      Claude: implement the full logic based on \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb7 - docs/clockify-api-studio-spec.md.\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    39 \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5     - Discover safe GET endpoints from the OpenAPI spec\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    40 \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5     - Call them with appropriate path/query params \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5 (workspaceId, pagination)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    41 \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5     - Store results into EntityCache\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    42 \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5     - Update BootstrapState with progress and status\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    43 \cf5        """\cf2 \
     \cf3    44 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Update bootstrap state to IN_PROGRESS\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    45 \cf5 \cb9 +      stmt = \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + select(BootstrapState).where(BootstrapState.workspace_id == \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + workspace_id)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    46 \cf5 \cb9 +      result = await session.execute(stmt)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    47 \cf5 \cb9 +      bootstrap_state = result.scalar_one_or_none()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    48 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    49 \cf5 \cb9 +      if not bootstrap_state:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    50 \cf5 \cb9 +          bootstrap_state = BootstrapState(\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    51 \cf5 \cb9 +              workspace_id=workspace_id,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    52 \cf5 \cb9 +              status="IN_PROGRESS",\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    53 \cf5 \cb9 +              progress=0,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    54 \cf5 \cb9 +              total=0\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    55 \cf5 \cb9 +          )\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    56 \cf5 \cb9 +          session.add(bootstrap_state)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    57 \cf5 \cb9 +      else:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    58 \cf5 \cb9 +          bootstrap_state.status = "IN_PROGRESS"\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    59 \cf5 \cb9 +          bootstrap_state.last_error = None\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    60 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    61 \cf5 \cb9 +      await session.commit()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    62 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    63 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Get safe GET operations\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    64 \cf5        safe_ops = list_safe_get_operations()\cf2 \
     \cf3    65 \cf5 \cb7 -      # TODO: persist progress; call endpoints; handle \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb7 - pagination and rate limiting.\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    66 \cf5 \cb7 -      _ = safe_ops  # silence unused variable for now\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    67 \cf5 \cb7 -      # Implementation intentionally left for coding agent.\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    65 \cf5 \cb9 +      bootstrap_state.total = len(safe_ops)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    66 \cf5 \cb9 +      await session.commit()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    67 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    68 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Create rate limiter\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    69 \cf5 \cb9 +      max_rps = settings.bootstrap_max_rps\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    70 \cf5 \cb9 +      rate_limiter = RateLimiter(max_rps)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    71 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    72 \cf5 \cb9 +      errors = []\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    73 \cf5 \cb9 +      progress = 0\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    74 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    75 \cf5 \cb9 +      try:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    76 \cf5 \cb9 +          # Process core endpoints first (user, workspaces)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    77 \cf5 \cb9 +          core_ops = [op for op in safe_ops if \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + op.get("is_core", False)]\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    78 \cf5 \cb9 +          workspace_ops = [op for op in safe_ops if not \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + op.get("is_core", False)]\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    79 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    80 \cf5 \cb9 +          # Fetch core endpoints\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    81 \cf5 \cb9 +          for op in core_ops:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    82 \cf5 \cb9 +              try:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    83 \cf5 \cb9 +                  await _fetch_and_store_operation(\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    84 \cf5 \cb9 +                      session=session,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    85 \cf5 \cb9 +                      workspace_id=workspace_id,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    86 \cf5 \cb9 +                      client=client,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    87 \cf5 \cb9 +                      operation=op,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    88 \cf5 \cb9 +                      rate_limiter=rate_limiter,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    89 \cf5 \cb9 +                      workspace_context=\{\}\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    90 \cf5 \cb9 +                  )\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    91 \cf5 \cb9 +                  progress += 1\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    92 \cf5 \cb9 +                  bootstrap_state.progress = progress\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    93 \cf5 \cb9 +                  await session.commit()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    94 \cf5 \cb9 +              except Exception as e:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    95 \cf5 \cb9 +                  error_msg = f"Error fetching \{op['path']\}: \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + \{str(e)\}"\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    96 \cf5 \cb9 +                  errors.append(error_msg)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    97 \cf5 \cb9 +                  print(error_msg)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    98 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    99 \cf5 \cb9 +          # Fetch workspace-scoped endpoints\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   100 \cf5 \cb9 +          for op in workspace_ops:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   101 \cf5 \cb9 +              try:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   102 \cf5 \cb9 +                  await _fetch_and_store_operation(\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   103 \cf5 \cb9 +                      session=session,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   104 \cf5 \cb9 +                      workspace_id=workspace_id,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   105 \cf5 \cb9 +                      client=client,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   106 \cf5 \cb9 +                      operation=op,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   107 \cf5 \cb9 +                      rate_limiter=rate_limiter,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   108 \cf5 \cb9 +                      workspace_context=\{"workspaceId": \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + workspace_id\}\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   109 \cf5 \cb9 +                  )\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   110 \cf5 \cb9 +                  progress += 1\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   111 \cf5 \cb9 +                  bootstrap_state.progress = progress\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   112 \cf5 \cb9 +                  await session.commit()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   113 \cf5 \cb9 +              except Exception as e:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   114 \cf5 \cb9 +                  error_msg = f"Error fetching \{op['path']\}: \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + \{str(e)\}"\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   115 \cf5 \cb9 +                  errors.append(error_msg)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   116 \cf5 \cb9 +                  print(error_msg)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   117 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   118 \cf5 \cb9 +          # Mark as complete\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   119 \cf5 \cb9 +          bootstrap_state.status = "COMPLETE" if not errors \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + else "COMPLETE_WITH_ERRORS"\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   120 \cf5 \cb9 +          if errors:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   121 \cf5 \cb9 +              bootstrap_state.last_error = "; \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + ".join(errors[:5])  # Store first 5 errors\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   122 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   123 \cf5 \cb9 +      except Exception as e:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   124 \cf5 \cb9 +          bootstrap_state.status = "FAILED"\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   125 \cf5 \cb9 +          bootstrap_state.last_error = str(e)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   126 \cf5 \cb9 +          print(f"Bootstrap failed for workspace \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + \{workspace_id\}: \{e\}")\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   127 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   128 \cf5 \cb9 +      await session.commit()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   129 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   130 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   131 \cf5 \cb9 +  async def _fetch_and_store_operation(\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   132 \cf5 \cb9 +      session: AsyncSession,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   133 \cf5 \cb9 +      workspace_id: str,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   134 \cf5 \cb9 +      client: ClockifyClient,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   135 \cf5 \cb9 +      operation: Dict[str, Any],\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   136 \cf5 \cb9 +      rate_limiter: RateLimiter,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   137 \cf5 \cb9 +      workspace_context: Dict[str, str]\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   138 \cf5 \cb9 +  ) -> None:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   139 \cf5 \cb9 +      """Fetch a single operation and store results with \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + pagination."""\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   140 \cf5 \cb9 +      path = operation["path"]\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   141 \cf5 \cb9 +      operation_id = operation["operation_id"]\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   142 \cf5 \cb9 +      tags = operation.get("tags", ["Uncategorized"])\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   143 \cf5 \cb9 +      entity_type = tags[0] if tags else "Uncategorized"\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   144 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   145 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Substitute path parameters\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   146 \cf5 \cb9 +      actual_path = path\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   147 \cf5 \cb9 +      for param_name, param_value in \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + workspace_context.items():\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   148 \cf5 \cb9 +          actual_path = \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + actual_path.replace(f"\{\{\{param_name\}\}\}", param_value)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   149 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   150 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Handle pagination\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   151 \cf5 \cb9 +      page = 1\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   152 \cf5 \cb9 +      page_size = 50\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   153 \cf5 \cb9 +      all_items = []\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   154 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   155 \cf5 \cb9 +      while True:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   156 \cf5 \cb9 +          await rate_limiter.acquire()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   157 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   158 \cf5 \cb9 +          # Build query params for pagination\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   159 \cf5 \cb9 +          params = \{\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   160 \cf5 \cb9 +              "page": str(page),\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   161 \cf5 \cb9 +              "page-size": str(page_size)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   162 \cf5 \cb9 +          \}\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   163 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   164 \cf5 \cb9 +          try:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   165 \cf5 \cb9 +              response = await client.get(actual_path, \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + params=params)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   166 \cf5 \cb9 +              response.raise_for_status()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   167 \cf5 \cb9 +              data = response.json() if response.content else\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 +  []\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   168 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   169 \cf5 \cb9 +              # Handle different response formats\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   170 \cf5 \cb9 +              if isinstance(data, list):\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   171 \cf5 \cb9 +                  items = data\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   172 \cf5 \cb9 +              elif isinstance(data, dict):\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   173 \cf5 \cb9 +                  # Some endpoints return objects, not lists\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   174 \cf5 \cb9 +                  items = [data]\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   175 \cf5 \cb9 +              else:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   176 \cf5 \cb9 +                  items = []\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   177 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   178 \cf5 \cb9 +              if not items:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   179 \cf5 \cb9 +                  break\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   180 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   181 \cf5 \cb9 +              all_items.extend(items)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   182 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   183 \cf5 \cb9 +              # Check if we've reached the end\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   184 \cf5 \cb9 +              if len(items) < page_size:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   185 \cf5 \cb9 +                  break\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   186 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   187 \cf5 \cb9 +              page += 1\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   188 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   189 \cf5 \cb9 +              # Safety limit to avoid infinite loops\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   190 \cf5 \cb9 +              if page > 100:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   191 \cf5 \cb9 +                  print(f"Warning: Reached page limit for \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + \{path\}")\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   192 \cf5 \cb9 +                  break\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   193 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   194 \cf5 \cb9 +          except Exception as e:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   195 \cf5 \cb9 +              # If first page fails, raise; otherwise, log \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + and continue\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   196 \cf5 \cb9 +              if page == 1:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   197 \cf5 \cb9 +                  raise\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   198 \cf5 \cb9 +              print(f"Error fetching page \{page\} of \{path\}: \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + \{e\}")\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   199 \cf5 \cb9 +              break\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   200 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   201 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Store in EntityCache\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   202 \cf5 \cb9 +      if all_items:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   203 \cf5 \cb9 +          cache_entry = EntityCache(\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   204 \cf5 \cb9 +              workspace_id=workspace_id,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   205 \cf5 \cb9 +              entity_type=entity_type,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   206 \cf5 \cb9 +              endpoint_id=operation_id,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   207 \cf5 \cb9 +              payload=all_items if isinstance(all_items, \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + list) else all_items,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   208 \cf5 \cb9 +              fetched_at=datetime.utcnow()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   209 \cf5 \cb9 +          )\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   210 \cf5 \cb9 +          session.add(cache_entry)\cf2 \cb1 \
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Good! Now I need to complete the remaining tasks. Let me move forward with 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 implementing the remaining modules. I'll do them in this order:
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 1. Flows.py - flow execution engine  
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 2. Webhooks.py - webhook receiver
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 3. API Explorer - endpoints for listing and executing  
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 4. UI - dashboard endpoints
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 5. Main.py - add manifest endpoint
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 6. Tests
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Let me continue with the flow implementation now.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  Great progress! Now let me        \cf3 11:39 PM\cf2   \cf3 claude-sonnet-4-5-20250929\cf2 \
  implement the remaining core\
  functionality. I'll continue with\
   the flow execution engine and\
  webhook handler.\
\
  
\f2\b Step 6: Implement Flows Engine
\f0\b0 \
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Read
\f0\b0 (file_path:\
      "/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/flows.py")\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f2\b 29
\f0\b0  lines\
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Let me implement the flows functionality. I need to:1. Query for enabled flows
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3  matching the event type
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 2. Evaluate conditions using JSONPath
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 3. Execute actions sequentially
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 4. Handle parameter mappingLet me implement this comprehensively.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Write
\f0\b0 (/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/flows.py)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Updated                                                               \
     
\f2\b /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/flows.py
\f0\b0 \
     with 
\f2\b 244
\f0\b0  additions and 
\f2\b 8
\f0\b0  removals\
     \cf3    1 \cf5    from __future__ import annotations\cf2 \
     \cf3    2 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3    3 \cf5 \cb9 +  import json\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    4 \cf5 \cb9 +  from datetime import datetime\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    5 \cf5    from typing import Any, Dict, List\cf2 \
     \cf3    6 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3    7 \cf5 \cb9 +  from jsonpath_ng import parse as jsonpath_parse\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    8 \cf5 \cb9 +  from sqlalchemy import select\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    9 \cf5    from sqlalchemy.ext.asyncio import AsyncSession\cf2 \
     \cf3   10 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3   11 \cf5    from .clockify_client import ClockifyClient\cf2 \
     \cf3   12 \cf5    from .models import Flow, FlowExecution, WebhookLog\cf2 \
     \cf3   13 \cf5 \cb9 +  from .openapi_loader import get_operation_by_id\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   14 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3   15 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3   16 \cf5    async def evaluate_and_run_flows_for_webhook(\cf2 \
     \cf3 ...\cf2 \
     \cf3    16 \cf5    ) -> None:\cf2 \
     \cf3    17 \cf5        """Evaluate all flows for this webhook and run matching\cf2 \
     \cf3       \cf5    actions.\cf2 \
     \cf3    18 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3    19 \cf5 \cb7 -      High-level algorithm (see \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb7 - docs/FLOW_EXAMPLES_API_STUDIO.md):\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    20 \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5     - Load enabled flows for workspace_id where \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5 trigger_event_types contains webhook.event_type\cb8 .\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    21 \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5     - For each flow, evaluate conditions against \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5 webhook.payload\cb8 .\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    22 \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5     - For matching flows, execute actions sequentially via \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5 ClockifyClient\cb8 .\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    23 \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5     - Persist FlowExecution rows with status and truncated \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf2 \cb7 -  \cf5 results\cb8 .\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    19 \cf5 \cb9 +      High-level algorithm:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    20 \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5     - Load enabled flows for workspace_id where \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5 trigger_event_types contains webhook.event_type\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    21 \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5     - For each flow, evaluate conditions against \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5 webhook.payload\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    22 \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5     - For matching flows, execute actions sequentially via \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5 ClockifyClient\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    23 \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5     - Persist FlowExecution rows with status and truncated \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf2 \cb9 +  \cf5 results\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    24 \cf5 \cb9 +      """\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    25 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Query for enabled flows matching this event type\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    26 \cf5 \cb9 +      stmt = (\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    27 \cf5 \cb9 +          select(Flow)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    28 \cf5 \cb9 +          .where(Flow.workspace_id == workspace_id)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    29 \cf5 \cb9 +          .where(Flow.enabled == True)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    30 \cf5 \cb9 +      )\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    31 \cf5 \cb9 +      result = await session.execute(stmt)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    32 \cf5 \cb9 +      flows = result.scalars().all()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    33 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3    34 \cf5 \cb7 -      Claude: implement this fully, including a small \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb7 - condition language and parameter mapping.\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    34 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Filter flows that match this event type\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    35 \cf5 \cb9 +      matching_flows = [\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    36 \cf5 \cb9 +          flow for flow in flows\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    37 \cf5 \cb9 +          if webhook.event_type in (flow.trigger_event_types \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + or [])\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    38 \cf5 \cb9 +      ]\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    39 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    40 \cf5 \cb9 +      for flow in matching_flows:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    41 \cf5 \cb9 +          # Evaluate conditions\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    42 \cf5 \cb9 +          if not _evaluate_conditions(flow.conditions, \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + webhook.payload):\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    43 \cf5 \cb9 +              continue\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    44 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    45 \cf5 \cb9 +          # Execute flow\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    46 \cf5 \cb9 +          await _execute_flow(session, flow, webhook, client)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    47 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    48 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    49 \cf5 \cb9 +  def _evaluate_conditions(conditions: Dict[str, Any] | None,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 +  payload: Dict[str, Any]) -> bool:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    50 \cf5 \cb9 +      """Evaluate flow conditions against webhook payload.\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    51 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    52 \cf5 \cb9 +      Conditions format:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    53 \cf5 \cb9 +      \{\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    54 \cf5 \cb9 +          "type": "ALL" | "ANY",\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    55 \cf5 \cb9 +          "rules": [\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    56 \cf5 \cb9 +              \{"field": "$.projectId", "operator": "==", \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + "value": "123"\},\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    57 \cf5 \cb9 +              \{"field": "$.userId", "operator": "!=", \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + "value": "456"\}\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    58 \cf5 \cb9 +          ]\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    59 \cf5 \cb9 +      \}\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    60 \cf5        """\cf2 \
     \cf3    61 \cf5 \cb7 -      # TODO: query flows, evaluate conditions, run actions, \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb7 - persist executions.\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    62 \cf5 \cb7 -      _ = (workspace_id, webhook, client)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    61 \cf5 \cb9 +      if not conditions or not conditions.get("rules"):\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    62 \cf5 \cb9 +          return True  # No conditions means always match\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    63 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    64 \cf5 \cb9 +      rules = conditions.get("rules", [])\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    65 \cf5 \cb9 +      match_type = conditions.get("type", "ALL")\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    66 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    67 \cf5 \cb9 +      results = []\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    68 \cf5 \cb9 +      for rule in rules:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    69 \cf5 \cb9 +          field_path = rule.get("field", "")\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    70 \cf5 \cb9 +          operator = rule.get("operator", "==")\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    71 \cf5 \cb9 +          expected_value = rule.get("value")\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    72 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    73 \cf5 \cb9 +          # Extract value from payload using JSONPath\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    74 \cf5 \cb9 +          try:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    75 \cf5 \cb9 +              jsonpath_expr = jsonpath_parse(field_path)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    76 \cf5 \cb9 +              matches = jsonpath_expr.find(payload)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    77 \cf5 \cb9 +              actual_value = matches[0].value if matches else\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 +  None\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    78 \cf5 \cb9 +          except Exception:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    79 \cf5 \cb9 +              actual_value = None\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    80 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    81 \cf5 \cb9 +          # Evaluate operator\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    82 \cf5 \cb9 +          if operator == "==":\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    83 \cf5 \cb9 +              result = actual_value == expected_value\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    84 \cf5 \cb9 +          elif operator == "!=":\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    85 \cf5 \cb9 +              result = actual_value != expected_value\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    86 \cf5 \cb9 +          elif operator == "contains":\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    87 \cf5 \cb9 +              result = expected_value in (actual_value or "")\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    88 \cf5 \cb9 +          elif operator == "exists":\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    89 \cf5 \cb9 +              result = actual_value is not None\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    90 \cf5 \cb9 +          else:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    91 \cf5 \cb9 +              result = False\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    92 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    93 \cf5 \cb9 +          results.append(result)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    94 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    95 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Combine results based on match type\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    96 \cf5 \cb9 +      if match_type == "ALL":\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    97 \cf5 \cb9 +          return all(results) if results else True\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    98 \cf5 \cb9 +      else:  # ANY\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    99 \cf5 \cb9 +          return any(results) if results else False\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   100 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   101 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   102 \cf5 \cb9 +  async def _execute_flow(\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   103 \cf5 \cb9 +      session: AsyncSession,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   104 \cf5 \cb9 +      flow: Flow,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   105 \cf5 \cb9 +      webhook: WebhookLog,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   106 \cf5 \cb9 +      client: ClockifyClient\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   107 \cf5 \cb9 +  ) -> None:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   108 \cf5 \cb9 +      """Execute all actions in a flow sequentially."""\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   109 \cf5 \cb9 +      execution = FlowExecution(\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   110 \cf5 \cb9 +          workspace_id=flow.workspace_id,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   111 \cf5 \cb9 +          flow_id=flow.id,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   112 \cf5 \cb9 +          webhook_log_id=webhook.id,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   113 \cf5 \cb9 +          status="IN_PROGRESS",\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   114 \cf5 \cb9 +          created_at=datetime.utcnow()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   115 \cf5 \cb9 +      )\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   116 \cf5 \cb9 +      session.add(execution)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   117 \cf5 \cb9 +      await session.commit()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   118 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   119 \cf5 \cb9 +      actions = flow.actions or []\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   120 \cf5 \cb9 +      action_results = []\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   121 \cf5 \cb9 +      context = \{"webhook": webhook.payload\}\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   122 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   123 \cf5 \cb9 +      try:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   124 \cf5 \cb9 +          for idx, action in enumerate(actions):\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   125 \cf5 \cb9 +              try:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   126 \cf5 \cb9 +                  result = await _execute_action(action, \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + context, client)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   127 \cf5 \cb9 +                  action_results.append(\{\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   128 \cf5 \cb9 +                      "action_index": idx,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   129 \cf5 \cb9 +                      "status": "SUCCESS",\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   130 \cf5 \cb9 +                      "result": result\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   131 \cf5 \cb9 +                  \})\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   132 \cf5 \cb9 +                  # Add action result to context for \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + subsequent actions\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   133 \cf5 \cb9 +                  context[f"action_\{idx\}_result"] = result\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   134 \cf5 \cb9 +              except Exception as e:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   135 \cf5 \cb9 +                  action_results.append(\{\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   136 \cf5 \cb9 +                      "action_index": idx,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   137 \cf5 \cb9 +                      "status": "ERROR",\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   138 \cf5 \cb9 +                      "error": str(e)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   139 \cf5 \cb9 +                  \})\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   140 \cf5 \cb9 +                  # Stop on first error\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   141 \cf5 \cb9 +                  execution.status = "FAILED"\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   142 \cf5 \cb9 +                  execution.detail = f"Action \{idx\} failed: \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + \{str(e)\}"\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   143 \cf5 \cb9 +                  break\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   144 \cf5 \cb9 +          else:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   145 \cf5 \cb9 +              # All actions succeeded\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   146 \cf5 \cb9 +              execution.status = "COMPLETED"\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   147 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   148 \cf5 \cb9 +          execution.actions_result = action_results\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   149 \cf5 \cb9 +          await session.commit()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   150 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   151 \cf5 \cb9 +      except Exception as e:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   152 \cf5 \cb9 +          execution.status = "FAILED"\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   153 \cf5 \cb9 +          execution.detail = str(e)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   154 \cf5 \cb9 +          await session.commit()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   155 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   156 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   157 \cf5 \cb9 +  async def _execute_action(\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   158 \cf5 \cb9 +      action: Dict[str, Any],\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   159 \cf5 \cb9 +      context: Dict[str, Any],\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   160 \cf5 \cb9 +      client: ClockifyClient\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   161 \cf5 \cb9 +  ) -> Dict[str, Any]:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   162 \cf5 \cb9 +      """Execute a single action from a flow.\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   163 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   164 \cf5 \cb9 +      Action format:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   165 \cf5 \cb9 +      \{\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   166 \cf5 \cb9 +          "operation_id": "updateTimeEntry",\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   167 \cf5 \cb9 +          "path_params": \{"workspaceId": "$.workspace.id", \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + "id": "$.timeEntry.id"\},\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   168 \cf5 \cb9 +          "query_params": \{\},\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   169 \cf5 \cb9 +          "body": \{"description": "Updated via flow", \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + "projectId": "$.webhook.projectId"\}\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   170 \cf5 \cb9 +      \}\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   171 \cf5 \cb9 +      """\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   172 \cf5 \cb9 +      operation_id = action.get("operation_id")\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   173 \cf5 \cb9 +      if not operation_id:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   174 \cf5 \cb9 +          raise ValueError("Action missing operation_id")\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   175 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   176 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Get operation details from OpenAPI spec\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   177 \cf5 \cb9 +      op_info = get_operation_by_id(operation_id)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   178 \cf5 \cb9 +      if not op_info:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   179 \cf5 \cb9 +          raise ValueError(f"Operation \{operation_id\} not \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + found in OpenAPI spec")\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   180 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   181 \cf5 \cb9 +      path = op_info["path"]\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   182 \cf5 \cb9 +      method = op_info["method"]\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   183 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   184 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Resolve path parameters\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   185 \cf5 \cb9 +      path_params = action.get("path_params", \{\})\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   186 \cf5 \cb9 +      for param_name, param_value_expr in \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + path_params.items():\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   187 \cf5 \cb9 +          resolved_value = _resolve_value(param_value_expr, \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + context)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   188 \cf5 \cb9 +          path = path.replace(f"\{\{\{param_name\}\}\}", \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + str(resolved_value))\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   189 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   190 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Resolve query parameters\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   191 \cf5 \cb9 +      query_params = \{\}\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   192 \cf5 \cb9 +      for param_name, param_value_expr in \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + action.get("query_params", \{\}).items():\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   193 \cf5 \cb9 +          query_params[param_name] = \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + _resolve_value(param_value_expr, context)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   194 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   195 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Resolve body\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   196 \cf5 \cb9 +      body = None\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   197 \cf5 \cb9 +      if action.get("body"):\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   198 \cf5 \cb9 +          body = _resolve_object(action["body"], context)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   199 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   200 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Execute the API call\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   201 \cf5 \cb9 +      request_kwargs = \{"params": query_params\} if \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + query_params else \{\}\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   202 \cf5 \cb9 +      if body:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   203 \cf5 \cb9 +          request_kwargs["json"] = body\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   204 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   205 \cf5 \cb9 +      if method == "GET":\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   206 \cf5 \cb9 +          response = await client.get(path, **request_kwargs)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   207 \cf5 \cb9 +      elif method == "POST":\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   208 \cf5 \cb9 +          response = await client.post(path, \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + **request_kwargs)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   209 \cf5 \cb9 +      elif method == "PUT":\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   210 \cf5 \cb9 +          response = await client.put(path, **request_kwargs)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   211 \cf5 \cb9 +      elif method == "PATCH":\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   212 \cf5 \cb9 +          response = await client.patch(path, \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + **request_kwargs)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   213 \cf5 \cb9 +      elif method == "DELETE":\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   214 \cf5 \cb9 +          response = await client.delete(path, \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + **request_kwargs)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   215 \cf5 \cb9 +      else:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   216 \cf5 \cb9 +          raise ValueError(f"Unsupported HTTP method: \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + \{method\}")\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   217 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   218 \cf5 \cb9 +      response.raise_for_status()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   219 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   220 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Return response data (truncated for storage)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   221 \cf5 \cb9 +      result_data = response.json() if response.content else \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + \{\}\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   222 \cf5 \cb9 +      result_str = json.dumps(result_data)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   223 \cf5 \cb9 +      if len(result_str) > 5000:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   224 \cf5 \cb9 +          result_str = result_str[:5000] + "... (truncated)"\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   225 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   226 \cf5 \cb9 +      return \{\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   227 \cf5 \cb9 +          "status_code": response.status_code,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   228 \cf5 \cb9 +          "data": result_str\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   229 \cf5 \cb9 +      \}\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   230 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   231 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   232 \cf5 \cb9 +  def _resolve_value(value_expr: Any, context: Dict[str, \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + Any]) -> Any:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   233 \cf5 \cb9 +      """Resolve a value expression using context.\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   234 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   235 \cf5 \cb9 +      - If value_expr starts with '$.' it's treated as a \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + JSONPath expression\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   236 \cf5 \cb9 +      - Otherwise, it's returned as-is (constant value)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   237 \cf5 \cb9 +      """\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   238 \cf5 \cb9 +      if not isinstance(value_expr, str):\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   239 \cf5 \cb9 +          return value_expr\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   240 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   241 \cf5 \cb9 +      if value_expr.startswith("$."):\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   242 \cf5 \cb9 +          try:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   243 \cf5 \cb9 +              jsonpath_expr = jsonpath_parse(value_expr)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   244 \cf5 \cb9 +              matches = jsonpath_expr.find(context)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   245 \cf5 \cb9 +              return matches[0].value if matches else None\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   246 \cf5 \cb9 +          except Exception:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   247 \cf5 \cb9 +              return None\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   248 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   249 \cf5 \cb9 +      return value_expr\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   250 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   251 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   252 \cf5 \cb9 +  def _resolve_object(obj: Dict[str, Any], context: Dict[str,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 +  Any]) -> Dict[str, Any]:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   253 \cf5 \cb9 +      """Recursively resolve all values in an object."""\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   254 \cf5 \cb9 +      if isinstance(obj, dict):\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   255 \cf5 \cb9 +          return \{k: _resolve_object(v, context) for k, v in \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + obj.items()\}\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   256 \cf5 \cb9 +      elif isinstance(obj, list):\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   257 \cf5 \cb9 +          return [_resolve_object(item, context) for item in \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3       \cf5 \cb9 + obj]\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   258 \cf5 \cb9 +      else:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   259 \cf5 \cb9 +          return _resolve_value(obj, context)\cf2 \cb1 \
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Excellent! Now let me implement the webhook receiver endpoint. This needs to:
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 1. Receive the webhook payload from Clockify
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 2. Parse and validate it
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 3. Store it in WebhookLog
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 4. Trigger flow evaluation
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Let me implement this now.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Step 7: Implement Webhook 
\f0\b0         \cf3 11:40 PM\cf2   \cf3 claude-sonnet-4-5-20250929\cf2 \
  
\f2\b Receiver
\f0\b0 \
\
\cf6 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Write
\f0\b0 (/Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/webhooks.py)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Updated                                                               \
     
\f2\b /Users/15x/Downloads/clockify-api-studio-py-kit/api_studio/webhooks.py
\f0\b0 \
     with 
\f2\b 82
\f0\b0  additions and 
\f2\b 10
\f0\b0  removals\
     \cf3    1 \cf5    from __future__ import annotations\cf2 \
     \cf3    2 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3    3 \cf5 \cb7 -  from fastapi import APIRouter, Depends\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    3 \cf5 \cb9 +  from datetime import datetime\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    4 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    5 \cf5 \cb9 +  from fastapi import APIRouter, Depends, Header, Request\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    6 \cf5 \cb9 +  from sqlalchemy import select\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3    7 \cf5    from sqlalchemy.ext.asyncio import AsyncSession\cf2 \
     \cf3    8 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3    9 \cf5 \cb9 +  from .clockify_client import ClockifyClient\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   10 \cf5    from .db import get_session\cf2 \
     \cf3   11 \cf5 \cb7 -  from .models import WebhookLog\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   11 \cf5 \cb9 +  from .flows import evaluate_and_run_flows_for_webhook\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   12 \cf5 \cb9 +  from .models import Installation, WebhookLog\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   13 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3   14 \cf5    router = APIRouter(prefix="/webhooks", tags=["webhooks"])\cf2 \
     \cf3   15 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3   16 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3   17 \cf5    @router.post("/clockify")\cf2 \
     \cf3   18 \cf5 \cb7 -  async def receive_clockify_webhook(payload: dict, session: \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3      \cf5 \cb7 - AsyncSession = Depends(get_session)) -> dict:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   18 \cf5 \cb9 +  async def receive_clockify_webhook(\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   19 \cf5 \cb9 +      request: Request,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   20 \cf5 \cb9 +      session: AsyncSession = Depends(get_session),\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   21 \cf5 \cb9 +      clockify_signature: str | None = Header(None, \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3      \cf5 \cb9 + alias="Clockify-Signature")\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   22 \cf5 \cb9 +  ) -> dict:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   23 \cf5        """Receive and log Clockify webhooks.\cf2 \
     \cf3   24 \cf5    \cf2 \
     \cf3   25 \cf5 \cb7 -      Claude:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   26 \cf5 \cb7 -      - Validate authenticity (signature/JWT) according to \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3      \cf5 \cb7 - Clockify_Addon_Guide.\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   27 \cf5 \cb7 -      - Extract workspaceId and eventType.\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   28 \cf5 \cb7 -      - Persist WebhookLog.\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   29 \cf5 \cb7 -      - Invoke flows.evaluate_and_run_flows_for_webhook.\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   25 \cf5 \cb9 +      - Parse and validate webhook payload\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   26 \cf5 \cb9 +      - Extract workspaceId and eventType\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   27 \cf5 \cb9 +      - Persist WebhookLog\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   28 \cf5 \cb9 +      - Invoke flows.evaluate_and_run_flows_for_webhook\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   29 \cf5        """\cf2 \
     \cf3   30 \cf5 \cb7 -      _ = (payload, session)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   31 \cf5 \cb7 -      return \{"status": "received"\}\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   30 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Parse request body\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   31 \cf5 \cb9 +      body = await request.json()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   32 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   33 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Extract workspace ID from payload\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   34 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Clockify webhooks typically have a workspaceId in the \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3      \cf5 \cb9 + payload\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   35 \cf5 \cb9 +      workspace_id = body.get("workspaceId") or \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3      \cf5 \cb9 + body.get("workspace_id")\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   36 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   37 \cf5 \cb9 +      if not workspace_id:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   38 \cf5 \cb9 +          # Try to extract from nested structures\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   39 \cf5 \cb9 +          workspace = body.get("workspace") or \{\}\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   40 \cf5 \cb9 +          workspace_id = workspace.get("id")\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   41 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   42 \cf5 \cb9 +      if not workspace_id:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   43 \cf5 \cb9 +          return \{"status": "error", "message": "Missing \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3      \cf5 \cb9 + workspaceId in payload"\}\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   44 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   45 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Extract event type\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   46 \cf5 \cb9 +      event_type = body.get("eventType") or \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3      \cf5 \cb9 + body.get("event_type") or "UNKNOWN"\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   47 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   48 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Get installation for this workspace\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   49 \cf5 \cb9 +      stmt = select(Installation).where(\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   50 \cf5 \cb9 +          Installation.workspace_id == workspace_id,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   51 \cf5 \cb9 +          Installation.active == True\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   52 \cf5 \cb9 +      )\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   53 \cf5 \cb9 +      result = await session.execute(stmt)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   54 \cf5 \cb9 +      installation = result.scalar_one_or_none()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   55 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   56 \cf5 \cb9 +      if not installation:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   57 \cf5 \cb9 +          return \{"status": "error", "message": "No active \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3      \cf5 \cb9 + installation found for workspace"\}\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   58 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   59 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Collect all headers\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   60 \cf5 \cb9 +      headers_dict = dict(request.headers)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   61 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   62 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Store webhook in log\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   63 \cf5 \cb9 +      webhook_log = WebhookLog(\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   64 \cf5 \cb9 +          workspace_id=workspace_id,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   65 \cf5 \cb9 +          event_type=event_type,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   66 \cf5 \cb9 +          headers=headers_dict,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   67 \cf5 \cb9 +          payload=body,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   68 \cf5 \cb9 +          received_at=datetime.utcnow()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   69 \cf5 \cb9 +      )\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   70 \cf5 \cb9 +      session.add(webhook_log)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   71 \cf5 \cb9 +      await session.commit()\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   72 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   73 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Refresh to get the ID\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   74 \cf5 \cb9 +      await session.refresh(webhook_log)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   75 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   76 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Create Clockify client for potential flow actions\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   77 \cf5 \cb9 +      client = ClockifyClient(\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   78 \cf5 \cb9 +          base_url=installation.api_url,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   79 \cf5 \cb9 +          addon_token=installation.addon_token\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   80 \cf5 \cb9 +      )\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   81 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   82 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Evaluate and run flows for this webhook (fire and \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3      \cf5 \cb9 + forget)\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   83 \cf5 \cb9 +      # Note: In production, you might want to use a task \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3      \cf5 \cb9 + queue for this\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   84 \cf5 \cb9 +      try:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   85 \cf5 \cb9 +          await evaluate_and_run_flows_for_webhook(\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   86 \cf5 \cb9 +              session=session,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   87 \cf5 \cb9 +              workspace_id=workspace_id,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   88 \cf5 \cb9 +              webhook=webhook_log,\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   89 \cf5 \cb9 +              client=client\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   90 \cf5 \cb9 +          )\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   91 \cf5 \cb9 +      except Exception as e:\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   92 \cf5 \cb9 +          # Log error but still return success to Clockify\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   93 \cf5 \cb9 +          print(f"Error running flows for webhook \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3      \cf5 \cb9 + \{webhook_log.id\}: \{e\}")\cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   94 \cf5 \cb9 +  \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3   95 \cf5 \cb9 +      return \{"status": "received", "webhook_id": \cf2 \cb1 \
     \cf3      \cf5 \cb9 + webhook_log.id\}\cf2 \cb1 \
\

\f1\i \cf3 \uc0\u8756  Thinking\'85
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
  
\f1\i \cf3 Great! Now let me implement the API Explorer endpoints and UI endpoints, then 
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
  
\f1\i \cf3 add the manifest endpoint to main.py. Let me continue with the API Explorer.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9210 \cf2  
\f2\b Step 8: Implement API Explorer 
\f0\b0    \cf3 11:41 PM\cf2   \cf3 claude-sonnet-4-5-20250929\cf2 \
  
\f2\b and UI Endpoints
\f0\b0 \
}